Everyone has a worst nightmare.
For some, it's bathing-suit season.
For others, it's that your birth certificate can never be legally destroyed.
For Miranda, it was family hour at her gym.
What the....
Kiddy Jazzercise, Aerobics Room 1, five minutes.
On Sundays, her neighborhood became occupied territory under siege to children.
They were everywhere:
Movie theaters, restaurants, bookstores, hair salons....
Starbucks was basically a stroller parking lot.
Was it too much to hope for one small space to call her own?
Don't touch it, please!
Is there a problem?
No, it's just that he really Iikes to push the button.
Fine, I'm in kind of a rush. Push One.
Simon, this pretty Iady said that you could push the button.
-So sorry. -I'm sure it's just a phase.
Yeah, the guilty, overindulgent phase of a D-I-V-O-R-C-E.
-Daddy. -Simon, we're not being very nice to....
-That sounds Iike a princess name. -Stop talking.
I'm going to bite you.
-Do you want to go to the toy store Iater? -Yes.
Then don't bite me.
I am in violation of every parenting book ever written.
-Do you have kids? -No.
Married?
-Here we are. -At Iast.
Any chance I could persuade you to take another ride?
His name was Roger Cobb.
It only took him another floor and a half to ask Miranda for her phone number.
The whole thing might have been very romantic...
...if Simon hadn 't peed in his pants.
I don't wear vintage clothes, I hate flea markets, I don't collect antiques.
Is it too much to ask that he not be, I don't know, used?
Before it goes any further, just make sure his parts are still under warranty.
-It's Iike chewing somebody else's gum. -Divorced men do come with baggage.
Baggage is one thing. But when they come with kids....
Especially kids with bladder control issues.
Here's what I think.
Round up all the divorced men and keep them in a pound.
That way, you get their whole history before you take one home.
If a man is divorced, it doesn't mean he has a problem.
Like my brother Wesley. He just separated from his wife, Leslie--
-Wesley and Leslie? I don't think so. -What is that, marriage by Mother Goose?
Definitely a candidate for the pound.
I was going to ask you to meet him 'cause he's coming to visit, and now forget it.
We want to meet Wesley of Wesley and Leslie.
And p.s., does he work for Nestle?
My brother's very important to me.
I won't have him subjected to scrutiny and ridicule.
-I'II be Scrutiny. You be Ridicule. -I always have to be Ridicule.
Why can't you be Ridicule for once?
I know.
As for me, rather than sort through the half-off bin...
...I was dating someone brand-spanking new.
I met Vaughn Weisel at a P.E.N. Iuncheon a month ago.
It's amazing how much better looking fiction writers have become.
Still up for a movie?
I just gotta drop these books by my parent's place. It's on the way.
-GQ called. -They want you to write something?
They want me to wear something.
It's so great to be a writer these days, there's so Iittle writing involved.
Don't be photographed in anything sleeveless.
No one who went sleeveless ever won a Pulitzer.
It's just a Iittle tip from me to you.
Nice townhouse.
-Come on in, this will only take a second. -I'm not dressed for family.
Can you just drop them through the mail slot?
If I'm here and I don't say hello...
...I'm Iooking at two months minimum hard family time.
AII right. Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Mother, I swear, you are the only person who can kill a cactus.
This is Carrie.
Tell your sister to stop bringing me plants. They get suicidal around me.
I have to talk them down from the Iedge.
-Those books you asked me to sign.... -Duncan, Vaughn's here.
And he brought a girl!
-Hi. Wallis Weisel... -Hi.
-Have we met? -No, I don't think so. Carrie Bradshaw.
My God. Duncan, get your ass in here.
I just Iove your column.
I Iove to hear that.
-Mom, we can't stay. -The hell you can't.
You know what you should write about? Re-virginization.
Did you know there are women who are actually having...
...their vaginas re-stitched to make them Iike new again?
Aren't they clever?
If you're wondering, Mom just finished a documentary on genital mutilation.

Which I still haven't gotten your notes on.
I told you, I can't bring myself to Iook at that thing.
And I typed all his short stories for him when he was 12. Duncan, Iook.
Do you know who this is? Carrie Bradshaw.
-She writes that column we Iove. -What are you doing Thursday night?
Laundry.
I teach a seminar at Columbia on Cultural Zeitgeist.
I'd Iove to have you come speak.
Mr. Self-Involved here didn't tell us he was dating an icon.
-Icon? -You are an icon. You are.
-Who brought a girl? -This is my other sister.
Franny, this is Carrie.
-What's up? -What's up?
-Hey, mom. -Hi, sweetie.
Franny and Zooey?
What can I say? J.D. Salinger used to get me high.
And then she'd call me at 3:00 a.m., "I Iove you."
Good for you. Beautiful and she thinks I'm funny.
You're hilarious. Put your tongue back in your head and the Iox on the table.
Come on, everybody, Iet's have something to eat.
-We have to go. -Come on, please.
We'II stay.
I mean, really, within the space of five minutes...
...I had next week's column, an invitation to speak at an Ivy League university...
...and access to the entire Zabar's fish counter.
Leave now? Was he nuts?
Have you ever gone out with someone who had a kid?
No, but I've never gone out with someone I met on an elevator either.
That's a first for me, too.
I met a woman on an escalator once, but it didn't Iast Iong.
It was over by the time we got to Ladies Lingerie.
I dated a man once who wore Iadies' Iingerie.
That was kind of the problem there. I'm kidding.
-'Cause I'm wearing panties now. -You're kidding, right?
Look what I found.
-Can you say you're sorry? -No!
Are you okay?
Fortunately, I mostly use the right side of my brain.
It must be hard, having a social Iife as a single parent.
It is, I got to buy protective helmets for all my dates.
Where's mine, by the way?
The truth is, I didn't really have a great social Iife before Simon either.
I'm just one of those weird male aberrations who prefers to be married.
I Iike stability and routine. I Iike knowing there's people waiting for me at home.
-I guess that makes me sound pretty dull. -Are you kidding?
You're the Heterosexual Holy Grail.
Miranda wondered how a vintage man might look on her modern couch.
-Here. -Thank you.
Probably not the best time to ask you to dinner.
While Miranda was dealing with queasiness...
...Charlotte was handling depression...
...which she felt could be solved with a homemade muffin.
Here you go. Just Iike Nana used to make.
Charlie, the muffins are great, but I'd much prefer a nice dry martini.
But Nana always made muffins to cheer you up.
That was pre-Leslie. Post-Leslie, I need a cocktail. Where's your vodka?
-I don't have any. -And you call yourself a Wasp.
I don't see why you two can't work it out, you had the most beautiful wedding.
We'II have an even Iovelier divorce.
I can't believe you're willing to just throw it all away so easily.
Relationships take work. You need patience and understanding.
When was your Iast Iong-term relationship?
Just eat your muffin.
The afternoon had been like six hours of foreplay.
Some men seduce with dim lights and soft music.
Vaughn seduced with chocolate chip cookies and relatives.
It was inevitable this would happen.
I just didn't know it would happen so quickly.
I'II get a tissue.
Get out now, before he stains all your sheets.
Come on, that's harsh. It could be he was just nervous.
First time is always weird.
-He probably had something to drink. -We'd spent the day with his family.
The guy could not get his Cadillac into the garage.
I'm sorry, I hate being right about this.
Samantha was the General Patton of sex.
She didn't send her troops into battle if she thought they would lose.
I Iike him.
That's swell, but it doesn't get the cream in the cupcake.
But the thing I Iike best about him is his family.
Anyone there you can fuck?
What? I'm trying to be helpful.
I'm telling you, this family is Iike.... They got charisma.
Like Tom Cruise, they're the Tom Cruise of families.
I'm sure the family is supposed to be the obstacle to a relationship...
...not the attraction.
I fucked a guy once because his family had a pool.
He was pretty much of a nerd, but I'd go over there and get all cocoa-buttered up.
His mom Ioved me. She was always serving me Kool-Aid and chips.
-Kool-Aid? -Yeah, Kool-Aid, I was 13.
And honey, you should have seen my tan.
In my mind, the complications of making a relationship work...
...had just expanded exponentially.
When you date someone, how many people become emotionally involved?
When you sleep with someone, are you screwing the family?
While I was still on the fence about Vaughn...
...I had no doubt about my feeling for his mother.
I was in love with her.
Then we were in Nicaragua with the Peace Corps.
That's where Vaughn was born.
I can't get over it. You've had five Iives.
I can barely make one happen.
Don't pull that self-effacing shit with me.
I see you. I know what you've got going.
What? What do I do? I write this Iittle column.
It's a contribution. You are putting it out there.
You're part of a dialogue.
If it wasn't for you...
...we wouldn't know half the things we do about other people's sex Iives.
-Thanks a Iot. -I'm teasing.
No, it's wonderful to be frank and honest about sex.
That's how I raised my kids. Sex was always a part of the discussion.
When they were 2 years old, they knew the proper names for their body parts.
None of this "pee-pee" and "wee-wee" crap.
And as a result, they can talk to me about anything.
When Franny told me she was a Iesbian...
...I said, "Great, just as Iong as you're not a Republican."
-May I just say I Iike you very much. -That's dear, thank you.
Did you talk to Leslie today?
No. I talked to her Iawyer. Do you want to know about that?
I'm giving her the house and she's giving me an ulcer.
I'm sorry I brought it up. Tonight we'II have fun.
You'II finally meet my friend Carrie.
We'II go out, have dinner, maybe go to a club....
Shit.
This is my wonderful brother, Wesley.
-Nice to meet you. -Good Iooks run in the family.
-Can I get you Iadies a drink? -Cosmopolitan.
Ditto.
-How are you enjoying New York? -Excuse us.
Why is she here?
That's our friend. I believe you remember Samantha.
You know how she gets. Look! She's doing it already.
They're talking.
Samantha says there's a great jazz bar that we should go to.
-I just don't think I'm up for it tonight. -Then maybe we'II just go.
Talking and going to hear jazz.
I think I have your son's SIinky embedded in my back.
I Iike to brand my women.
I'm going to use the bathroom, and then I really will go.
-Daddy? -No, Simon!
Daddy!
Shit.
I'm sorry. I was peeing, and I didn't want him to see me.
I was afraid he'd see me...
...and then he'd be drawing pictures for a child psychologist and nobody's happy.
-I'II get a Band-Aid. -He's hurt. He might need a stitch.
-I'II go with you to the emergency room. -No!
Just go.
PIease, just go.
One thing about families...
...if no one's sorry to see you go, then you're probably not coming back.
The next morning, Charlotte was in for a rude awakening.
Where do you keep your coffee filters?
Just tell me if I'm warm.
My brother? You slept with my brother?
Honey, what a doll. He really--
Is your vagina in the New York City guidebooks?
It should be, it's the hottest spot in town! It's always open!
What's going on?
What did you say?
She was in my kitchen, she was wearing your shirt, I snapped.
Who asked you to butt your nose into my.... Samantha, wait! Don't go!
I didn't know your mom was nominated for an Oscar.
Best Documentary Short.
I just Iove that she still has so many ambitions for herself.
I'm not really in the mood to talk about my mom.
I'm not really in the mood to talk at all.
Don't touch it!
What was the documentary short about anyway?
Good, you're back.
I swear to God, if you hand me a muffin, I'm out of here.
You don't know Samantha. I do.
She has so many notches on her bedpost, it's almost whittled down to a toothpick.
It was fun.
I know.
You had your Iittle fling, now you can go back to Leslie and work it out.
We're not working it out. You think you know Wesley and Leslie?
Let me tell you about Wesley and Leslie.
Leslie's frigid and before Iast night, Wesley hadn't gotten Iaid in two years.
-My God. -I was going out of my mind.
I've seen a pastor. I've seen a shrink.
But until I saw Samantha, I didn't realize what I really needed: sex.
-So it was a good thing. -It was a frigging great thing.
That Samantha....
You've really got a good friend there.
It's Charlotte.
-That was a terrible thing I said. -Yes, it was.
If you'II excuse me...
...I have another tour group coming through my vagina in 10 minutes.
I'm so sorry.
-You said what you came to say? -Wait!
I wanted to give you this.
Samantha was touched.
She realized this was Charlotte's way of saying...
"... Thank you for fucking my brother. "
Get in there.
Hey, kids! Funtastics on Three.
Miranda decided she had ceded enough territory to the invading troops.
Do you mind? He really Ioves to push the button.
Yeah? So do I.
That is so sexy.
You in bed with my book.
It's really great.
-Do that again. -What, turn the page?
Baby.
Again.
Wait, stop.
Let's just take this nice and slow.
You tell me if you're feeling too excited and we'II take a Iittle break.
Why?
Because I think we both really want this to work.
I Iove that you get so turned on by me...
...and I am very turned on by you.
Maybe we've just been in too much of a rush.
-Forget it. -No, I don't want to forget it. Come here.
-Let's talk about it. -No! I don't want to talk about it.
I think we have to.
Why does everything have to be about sex! I am so sick of talking about sex.
I've been talking about it since I was 2.
So Iet's go.
My parents are expecting us.
Duncan and I went down to the Neil Simon Theater and spent $65--
$75.
To see a British movie star simulate a blowjob.
I wonder if that's what Neil had in mind.
-Did she show her tits? -No. How's the pickled herring?
It's very good.
Franny tells me that you two are going camping this weekend.
-Where's the scallion cream cheese? -It's out there on the table.
I don't see it.
Then check the refrigerator.
-Why is he so edgy? -I have no idea.
-Don't Iet him pull that moody shit on you. -I know. It's such a pose.
Since he got published, he's suddenly this tortured artist.
-Where's the cream cheese? -It's out there.
Why buy this shit if you can't remember the one thing that holds it all together?
Let's deal with what's really upsetting you. Shall we?
If everything's on the table, why don't we start with some scallion cream cheese?
Jenna and I looked at each other like two foreigners without visas.
You know what, I think I'd better go. I've got a deadline.
I'II go. Thank you for Iunch, for everything.
What happened? Everything was going so well.
It really wasn't.
I know what it is. His Iast girlfriend wasn't as discreet.
I don't want to get in the irony. He writes short stories.
This has officially become too weird.
Really, in a situation Iike this, you gotta Iaugh.
AII right, it's a problem. But you'II work it out.
He won't even talk about it.
-You want me to talk to him? -No.
-I can't discuss this with you. -You can! You and I can discuss anything.
So your sex Iife isn't so great. So what?
Seventy-seven percent of all marriages are sexless.
Other things are so much more important, Iike family.
Then I saw that the person I really had to break up with wasn't Vaughn.
It was his mother.
I would still Iike us to be friends. No, I mean that.
And what happens when you meet somebody else?
I can tell you now, they won't have a mother Iike me. You know that.
You know that we have something. What we have is very special.
AII right, well.
Call me sometime.
-I will. -Sweetie.
Wallis was right. The most important thing in life is your family.
There are days you love them, and others you don't.
But in the end, they're the people you always come home to.
Sometimes it's the family you're born into.
And sometimes it's the one you make for yourself.
-What are you doing here? -Come here.




I ran into my friend Skipper on the street the other day.
He was bruised and frantic. He'd just broken up with another girl.
I thought everything was going fine.
That's when they tiptoe up and clobber you.
What did she say she thought was wrong?
Skipper, you're a very sweet guy. This isn't about anything you did.
It's just that we're in very different places right now.
We want different things from Iife.
I need to spend more time alone.
So, actually, we want the same thing.
We both want to spend more time with you.
Three months before that, it was a dental hygienist named Tiffany.
The timing is wrong, that's all.
You're one of the nicest guys I've ever known.
I feel Iike I've reached a time in my Iife when I need to focus on my career.
I don't want to feel guilty about that.
I don't want you to give up your career.
I know.
You've been great.
You really deserve someone who will appreciate you.
I don't feel Iike I have anything to give at the moment.
And last year, it was Miranda.
I feel Iike I need to spend more time alone.
I've just reached a point in my Iife where I need to focus on my career.
I don't think that I have anything to give at the moment.
Skipper, what else can I say?
I have such horrible luck with women.
I should've seen this coming, but I didn't...
...because they wait for you to get relaxed and get comfortable...
...before they bring the ice pick down between your eyes.
Not all women...
...just the types of women you seem to be attracted to.
Over and over and over again.
Those Iadies don't know what they're missing and missing and missing.
Skipper's pattern was clear to both of us.
He was a sweet guy who was perpetually attracted to women...
...who were looking for jerks.
Later that night, on a date across town...
...Miranda was repeating a pattern of her own.
She had been dating a lawyer she met when they fought in court.
A frequent guest on MSBNC, Kevin was not just argumentative...
...he was an anger professional.
I think I gotta revise my opinion...
...that only an idiot would want to go out to a movie these days.
It was worth the $19, plus $10 in snacks and water...
...just to hear that bus driver behind us explain filmmaking to his wife.
He had some wonderful insights.
On the bright side, it was an interesting movie, right?
It was a real Citizen Kane.
The actor who played Carlo was charming.
He Iooked Iike he walked into work before the anesthesia wore off...
...from his Iobotomy.
AII right, I'II just get us a cab, okay?
Taxi!
You gotta face uptown to get a cab around here.
I've caught plenty of cabs this way.
In never-never Iand where people confuse a Iack of talent with charm.
Come on, Gene Shalit, get in the damn cab.
Come on.
Get in, sore Ioser.
Come on, in.
In, come on.
Miranda hated how he ordered her around and told her what do...
...every place except one.
Put your hands up over your head.
Spread your Iegs.
The weird thing is when he tells me what to do in Iife it drives me crazy.
But when he does it during sex it really drives me crazy.
It's totally hot!
That Iooks Iike a good spot.
Everybody, check for park poo.
Isn't that funny?
That what I hate in Iife, I Iove in sex?
So, how about if you Iimit your contact with him to just sex?
That's a nice, healthy relationship.
I'm not ready yet to throw in the towel.
You're just ready to wrap it around his neck.
He's going through a very stressful time waiting to make partner at his firm.
When that finally works out, I think he'II Iighten up.
Or maybe you should face the fact that you're attracted to angry men.
-Deviled eggs? -Wait a second, hold the eggs!
What about Skipper? He never got angry.
-And you dumped him. Fits a pattern. -I don't have a pattern.
In math, randomness is considered a pattern.
And I'm what they call a prime number.
She's got a very obvious pattern.
I do? What? Tell me!
You wait for a perfect guy to ask you on a perfect date--
And when he does, you project this huge fantasy on him...
...setting up these enormous expectations--
Which promptly blow up in your pretty face.
You put all your deviled eggs in one basket.
That's a horrible pattern.
Well, spread it around a Iittle more.
Date a few guys at once and then you won't feel so disappointed.
-Are you asking Charlotte to juggle? -It's all about multi-tasking.
None of us can afford to fall into this "one man at a time" pattern.
Look at how much time you wasted with Big.
But Big was an aberration.
Next time I meet a handsome, rich, emotionally unavailable 43-year-old man...
...I'II know what to expect.
Will you?
Or will you make the same mistake all over again?
I wondered...
...were we all just victims of conditioned responses?
Doomed to repeat the same unconscious relationship patterns?
Were we all, in fact, just dating...
...the same person over and over again?
I guess I have dated quite a few artists.
But I don't think they were all the same person.
Okay, yes. They were all narcissists with commitment phobias...
...and substance abuse issues.
But, in my opinion, the painters were very different from the sculptors.
Handsome waspy assholes who treat me Iike shit.
I only date girls with Sony PIaystations...
...or breasts.
That night, Samantha became acquainted with the new neighbors next door.
Though she had never met them...
...she already knew them intimately.
The idea that someone else was having great sex and flaunting it...
...was more than she could bear.
So she decided, if you can 't join 'em...
...beat it.
It all fit Samantha's pattern to a T...
...having a wall between her and the person she was having sex with.
After a few weeks of not seeing Big...
...I was beginning to fall into some familiar patterns of my own.
Staying out till 3:00 and sleeping till noon.
Ordering takeout from the same greasy Chinese...
...and calling old friends who would always be there for me when I felt...
...restless.
McFadden.
Hey John, it's Carrie.
Carrie, hey, how are you? Long time.
I know. Listen, I thought if you weren't doing anything...
...you might want to meet for a drink after work.
Sure, that would be great.
How about sixish?
I could be there at 6:30.
Perfect, I'II see you then.
That evening, at 6:30 sharp....
-Wow, it's great to see you. -You, too.
Come on in. I was just gonna open a bottle of red.
Red, yeah, beautiful.
I just gotta be somewhere by 8:30.
-That's okay, I've got dinner plans at 8:00. -Okay.
John was as dependable a pal as a gal could ever hope for.
Fun, comfortable and easy to be with.
The kind of guy who you could shed all inhibitions and really be yourself around.
No muss, no fuss.
So how's the...
...going?
Great.
It's great.
-How's work with you? -Never dull.
How's your younger sister doing?
Brother.
The one that moved to Phoenix?
-Tallahassee. -Right.
So how's he doing down there?
-He's doing great, thanks for asking. -Sure.
And then I realized it.
I didn't have a relationship pattern, I had a between-relationship pattern.
I always went back to John after every devastating...
...soul-shattering, gut-wrenching break up.
He was sweet, handsome, uncomplicated.
A real shot in the arm for my sexual self esteem.
Thanks for the call, gorgeous.
Sure put a cherry on my sundae.
Why had I been keeping him on the bench all these years?
Did I really believe a relationship had to be difficult in order to work?
Do you want to have dinner Friday night?
Dinner?
I should check my schedule, but I think I can make it.
Great.
You want to say...
...8:00?
How about 8:15?
And just like that, I broke my pattern.
Carrie, you can't date your fuck buddy.
Say it a Iittle Iouder. The Iady in the Iast row didn't hear you.
You wanna take the only person in your Iife that's there purely for sex...
...and make him a human being?
Why?
Excuse me, "fuck buddy"?
What is a "fuck buddy"?
Come on.
A fuck buddy is a guy you dated once or twice and it didn't go anywhere...
...but the sex is so great, you sort of keep him on call.
He's Iike "dial-a-dick."
You mean you just call this guy up when you're, you know, horny?
Yes.
And he just comes right over?
Well, he's not a slave, sweetheart. He does have a Iife.
But you don't have to know about it.
And you're guaranteed delivery within Manhattan in six hours or Iess.
And you guys all have one?
Mine moved to Chicago but now we have phone sex.
What's he doing in Chicago?
I have absolutely no idea.
A few moments later, emboldened by our conversation...
...and high from too many tantric headstands...
...Charlotte asked a man out for the first time.
Man, that class was tough.
I never sweated so much in my entire Iife.
Would you Iike to go out to dinner Friday night?
Sure.
I wondered...
...if Charlotte can break her pattern and ask out every man in Manhattan...
...why couldn 't I have a deeper relationship...
...with a man I have shallow sex with?
Wow.
You're all dressy.
I guess.
Thanks.
I wanted to tell him that he'd never actually seen me in clothes.
Do you want a glass of wine first, or....
No, I'm fine, thanks.
Hey, wait, wait, wait.
-I made reservations. -Huh?
At a sushi restaurant.
Cool. I see.
No! I mean, God!
I mean sushi...
...Japanese food!
When you said dinner, you meant dinner.
Yeah.
It's just that, whenever we've had dinner, we've always, you know.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just gonna get my purse.
Like most first dates, we were off to an awkward start.
The yellow tail sashimi, two pieces of salmon sushi...
...and a spicy tuna hand roll.
Do you Iike eel?
No way.
I'II have the chicken teriyaki, well done.
No, the sushi's so amazing here.
I can't deal with the raw stuff.
Why didn't you say? We could've gone someplace else.
Don't worry about it. If I'm hungry, I'II grab a burger after.
Okay.
Hey, Iisten, before I forget...
...this is for you.
Thanks. What is it?
Forty minutes free Iong distance, continental U.S., no strings attached.
It's to promote our new 7-7-3 service:
Seven days, seven hours, $3 a day.
Thank you.
So you--
Think these gimmicks up? Sort of. Officially, I sell time.
I get incentive minutes which I can distribute at my own discretion.
So, if I'm Iucky, I might get a whole hour next time?
I don't think so.
But if you're currently with MCI and switch...
...then you get two free hours.
I was kidding.
Right, gotcha.
Maybe we should just order some sake?
Yeah, sure.
Hey, sake to me!
We went back to my place for a quickie.
I needed to erase the stagnant memory of the past two hours.
Was it really possible that someone so stimulating in bed...
...could be so tedious in life?
Meanwhile, Samantha was actually beginning to look forward...
...to the company of her new neighbors.
Every night, like clockwork, right after the end of the 11:00 news...
...Samantha relished her role as the invisible guest vocalist...
...to an unseen band.
Until one night, she wasn 't so invisible.
That Saturday, Miranda planned for us all to meet her latest fling for brunch.
Apparently, he had flung himself elsewhere.
He should be here any minute.
Don't worry about it. If it's just us, fine.
It's not Iike we've got anywhere else to go.
I have a date tonight.
-With whom? -That yoga guy.
I asked him out.
Wow, I'm impressed.
Once I broke the ice with him, it was just Iike riding a bike.
I have so many dates this week, that I just scheduled two tonight.
-You double-booked? -I had to.
One guy is Ieaving town and I couldn't cancel the other.
How do you conceive pulling this one off?
Early dinner with bachelor one, Iate supper with bachelor two.
My God, you're turning into a man.
Charlotte had done more than break a pattern.
She had actually changed genders.
I just don't know how I'm ever gonna eat two dinners in a row.
And then, just like that, she was a woman again.
Sorry, babe.
The idiot who drove me here apparently passed his driving test in Bangladesh.
I'm just happy to get off that fuckin' rickshaw alive.
Kevin, this is Carrie, and Samantha, and Charlotte.
-This is Kevin. -Nice to meet you.
I have to go make a call, I'II be back. Waitress! A draft beer here.
He's cute.
In a tightly wound sort of way.
He's finding out on Tuesday whether he made partner.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed that he'II unwind some after that.
What are you doing?
I just don't want him going off on the waitress.
That evening, Charlotte set out to break her pattern.
A casual meal with Eric from yoga...
...discovering a mutual love for long drives up Maine coasts...
...and reruns of Nanny and the Professor.
She was psychic, wasn't she?
Absolutely.
But it was very subtle, very sophisticated.
I don't think that kids today would understand it.
When I have kids, I'm gonna be a total nazi with the remote.
I want them to read.
How many kids do you want to have?
Two: one of each.
Sounds perfect.
As Charlotte began to swim in visions of family summers in Kennebunkport...
...she realized she was late for the second shift.
Oh my God.
What's wrong?
My throat is so sore.
I've just been fighting this cold all week.
Let me get the check.
I'm so sorry.
I had a really great time.
Me, too.
While Charlotte was off to her next engagement...
...Samantha was imagining an engagement of her own.
Excuse me, Jesus!
Hi, I was just wondering...
...do you know who Iives in that apartment?
Yes, very nice.
Musician. His wife, a dancer.
Really? And are they nice Iooking?
Yes, very nice.
Very good.
Okay, then. Carry on.
Later that night, Charlotte was returning from a second dinner of steamed mussels...
...and fries with bachelor number two, an art loving commodities broker.
-I had a really great time. -Me, too.
Excuse me.
So, can I call you?
Definitely.
Okay.
Charlotte?
Eric, what are you doing here?
I was just Ieaving you some chicken soup...
...for your throat.
But I see you've healed.
Who is this guy?
I'm the guy she had dinner with before you.
You double-booked us?
Hey, don't feel bad.
You got the Iate shift. You get to take her upstairs.
I don't think so.
You know what? Enjoy the soup.
Hey, you going uptown?
-Yeah, West Side. -Wanna share a cab?
Sure.
From that moment on, Charlotte developed a new pattern.
She made it a rule never to take advice from her friends again.
Very late that night...
...Samantha decided to roll out the welcome mat for her new neighbors.
The musician and the dancer turned out to be a middle-aged...
...Eastern European couple.
He played in a polka band. She was a dancer...
...once upon a time.
Samantha?
Would you mind keeping it down?
I'm trying to get some sleep.
Samantha broke a pattern after all.
She decided to move her bed to the opposite wall.
Later that week, Kevin experienced a dream come true.
He was made a full partner of the law firm where he worked.
He took Miranda out to celebrate.
A toast.
-To a very happy occasion. -Yeah.
I'm falling all over myself with glee.
I get to work 60 hours a week for the same salary.
I'm walking on air.
Can't we enjoy your success for one second?
You don't get how stressful my Iife is.
You really do Iive in never-never Iand, don't you?
By the way...
...if there's a difference between this $100 champagne and the crap for $29...
...it takes a more delicate palate than mine to detect it.
Well, I Iike the champagne, and the bread is fabulous.
Oh my God, Iook at those flowers.
Don't piss me off.
Where are you going?
Back to never-never Iand.
And by the way, never-never call me again.
Have a nice day.
What?
Miranda broke her pattern in a way that she had never expected.
The angry guy had turned her into a cock-eyed optimist.
There couldn't have been a more perfect moment...
...to see Skipper for the first time since she dumped him.
Hey, Skipper!
SIow down a minute.
Don't tell me what to do, okay?
I just wanted to say hello. How've you been?
How've I been?
You got a Iot of nerve talking to me Iike nothing happened...
...ever since you tossed me out Iike bad milk.
I've been friggin' great.
Now that I've got you out of my system.
Can't I just talk to you for a minute?
Could I buy you a beer or something?
Miranda had never seen him as angry as this before.
Much to her horror, she was attracted.
That's the thing about patterns.
They don 't break because you tell them to.
Have you been working out?
And a few nights later, John and I went out for a movie.
I refused to believe that a passionate sexual connection...
...could not be translated into a meaningful friendship, at the very least.
Did you Iike the movie?
-Was it a comedy? -No.
I didn't think so.
Isn't this the most amazing block?
AII these brownstones are over 100 years old.
It's Iike being in the New York of Edith Wharton and Henry James.
Sometimes, I can't believe how Iucky I am to Iive right here.
What?
Your tits Iook great in that thing.
At that moment, I knew we only had two things in common.
Listen, I'd invite you in, but--
No, that's okay.
I got to be up really early tomorrow.
Okay.
I'II call you.
Goodnight.
I knew it was the last time we'd ever see each other.
Just like that...
...I was thrown right back into my old pattern:
Greasy Chinese, sleeping till noon...
...and feeling restless.




Here are some things I love about New York:
That week in spring when it's warm, but not hot...
...and the trees are just beginning to bloom.
Men in suits.
Three papers and 12 gossip columns.
It's easy for me to say, "I love you, New York. "
It's not so easy to say, "I love you, Mr. Big. "
The first time I realized I actually loved Big...
...was over toast and coffee one morning.
What?
Thanks, honey.
What?
Nothing.
The first time I felt like saying it was the night he took me to the ballet.
And he hates the ballet.
I don't want to disappoint you.
A couple of those dancers were on wires.
They were not.
On a couple of those big Ieaps I saw the wires.
You know what?
What?
I Iove...your hair Iike that.
Cut it out.
And then there was the time I never expected to say it.
Last Friday night at approximately 7:20 p.m...
...Big was picking me up to take me out to dinner.
I just have to change my shoes.
Hurry, we don't want to be Iate.
If we grab a cab on Madison, we can be there in five minutes.
Here.
What's this for?
I just saw it and thought of you.
It was just wrong.
It was wrong.
I didn't know what to say except:
I Iove you.
You told Big, "I Iove you", because he gave you that?
What did you think it was, a Iarge diamond duck ring?
I think my mother has one in the shape of a squirrel.
Note that I did not say, "I Iove the purse."
What did he say?
He just...
...sort of reacted stunned for a moment and then he said:
You're welcome. I'II just wait for you outside.
Maybe he thought you said, "I Iove it."
It was a very deliberate and distinct "you."
He just pretended you didn't say it?
Yeah, but we both know I did.
I've Iaid down the gauntlet.
He has to say "I Iove you" back or I have to break up with him.
How Iong are you giving him?
I didn't put an expiration date on it.
It's got the shelf Iife of a dairy product, it'II curdle in a week.
It's so interesting.
Tell a man, "I hate you", you'II have the best sex of your Iife.
But tell him, "I Iove you", you'II probably never see him again.
That's very comforting right now.
Wait a minute. Time out.
Did you ever think that at this very moment...
...the man might be trying to find his way to tell Carrie that he Ioves her?
Listening to Miranda wax optimistic about love...
...was more disorienting than a heat wave in February.
It seemed that Miranda, love's greatest skeptic...
...had recently experienced a romantic epiphany.
Grab us a seat outside and I'II meet you out there.
-Will you Iet me pay this time? -Your money's no good here.
Grab us a bench.
AII right.
-How much? -$5.90.
She was dating a bartender who worshiped her.
Miranda was so crazy about him in return...
...she let him take her out to dinner.
But only to places she knew he could afford.
Best slices in the city, don't you think?
Saturday, my firm is having its annual dinner thing.
I was wondering--if you think the bar could spare you, you could be my date.
I warn you, it'II be totally boring.
It's not gonna be boring if I'm there with you.
You probably should wear a suit.
It's gonna be a big fancy affair.
-You do have a suit, right? -Sure, I do.
It's really nice. It's gold.
It's gold?
Yeah, corduroy.
What's wrong with corduroy?
I don't have enough time to tell you what's wrong with corduroy.
For the first time, Steve took Miranda back to his place.
This is your apartment.
You Iike?
It's sweet.
I modeled it after DeNiro's place in Taxi Driver.
I'm kidding.
It's cheap and it's near the bar.
You never have to come here again.
That evening Miranda experienced her first pangs of yuppie guilt.
A Iot of wonderful artists worked as bartenders for years.
It doesn't mean he won't make money some day.
He's not an artist, slash, bartender.
He's just happy being a bartender, period.
No aspirations beyond shaking cocktails and refilling peanut bowls.
How's he in bed?
There are no words.
Sounds Iike a dream relationship to me.
He can make you cum, then make you a Cosmopolitan.
How can you get serious with a guy whose entire future is based on tips?
Wait a minute.
Rich men date not-so-rich women all the time.
Look at me and Big.
It's not about money, it's about compatibility.
It's normal for the guy to have more money.
I know Iots of women who make more money than their husbands.
You're all missing my point.
None of this matters to me.
I don't want it to matter to him.
When single men have money, it's to their advantage.
If a single woman has money, it's a problem to be dealt with.
It's ridiculous. I want to enjoy my success, not apologize for it.
Bravo, honey.
You're talking about more than a difference in income.
You're talking about a difference in background and education.
This guy is working class.
Working class?
It's the Millennium. We don't say "working class" anymore.
You're trying to pretend we Iive in a classless society...
...and we don't.
Marie-Antoinette, we get the picture.
Thank you.
She's right.
I'm dating a guy right now and he's got an actual servant.
It seems that Samantha was dating Harvey Terkel...
...a real estate investor who had just made a killing in the market...
...turning Chelsea sweatshops into luxury co-ops for the upwardly trendy.
Sum is a fantastic cook.
You won't eat better Thai food in Bangkok.
More, Mr. Harvey?
Yes, please.
You Iike spicy Iike Mr. Harvey, miss?
I Iove spicy.
Enjoy.
Isn't she the best?
I could not Iive without her.
I wondered, was New York really any different from New Delhi?
Had our class system been replaced by a caste system?
And if so, can we date outside our caste?
That night, Big took me out for a romantic dinner.
I could smell it coming the way you can smell a thunderstorm coming.
A mere two days after I had said, "I love you"...
...Big had found his own way to say "I love you" to me.
You're gonna Iove this.
It's from a small winery in the heart of Tuscany.
Delicioso.
I rented a villa there one summer with the ex.
It was incredible.
I've always wanted to go back with someone I actually Iiked.
There's something I've been meaning to tell you ever since...
...the night I gave you the purse:
You can take it back, if you don't Iike it.
That became the first night I wanted to tell Big...
... "I hate you".
The next afternoon, Charlotte made the acquaintance...
...of a member of the very highest caste.
A caste that from coast to coast, rich and poor...
...everyone deferred to and honored without question...
...the movie star.
I'm Charlotte York. I'm the director of the gallery.
Wiley Ford.
I know.
How much for this piece?
The fire extinguisher?
That's a real fire extinguisher.
For the gallery, in case there's a fire.
I guess I'm a total idiot.
No, it happens all the time.
You can have it. Take it.
You can say you got it at the gallery.
People will probably think it's a Jeff Koons.
You are adorable.
What do you think about closing up for the rest of the afternoon?
Charlene, you are so hot.
Can't wait to get you to bed.
Charlotte. My name is Charlotte.
I prefer Charlene.
This champagne is running through me. Yo, bud, pull over, I need to take a Ieak.
Sit tight, beautiful.
You'II never believe where I am.
I'm in the back of a Iimo about to go have sex with Wiley Ford.
Where is he now?
He's taking a Ieak out in the alley, isn't that cute?
It's adorable. Charlotte, Iisten to me, get out of there immediately.
AII my rules just went right out the window.
It's Iike, he wants me and I have to obey.
He's zipping up, gotta go.
While Charlotte began to enjoy the perks of celebrity...
...Samantha discovered Harvey Terkel came with some nice perks of his own.
Stay in bed as Iong as you want.
Sum will make you breakfast.
That's really not necessary.
PIease, she Ioves it.
Do you Iike fresh orange or grapefruit?
-Orange. -Orange.
-Eggs? -Coddled.
Coming right up.
I'II call you.
While Samantha didn't believe in having servants...
...she had no problem dating a man who did.
She knew it might take some adjusting, but she could get used to it.
Bye, Sum.
Take good care of Samantha.
Bye, Mr. Harvey.
Okay, Iazy bones, out of bed.
-Excuse me? -Up, must wash sheets.
Should I have my breakfast in the dining room--
Breakfast? I got no time to make breakfast.
Got a Iot of work to do around here.
It was then Samantha realized that Sum was not so servile after all.
That afternoon during her lunch break, Miranda took Steve shopping.
-Thank you. -You're welcome.
What do you think?
I think it's frightening how good I Iook.
It's a beautiful suit. I think we should take it.
Could you do a cuff with a nice break?
-Will these be the shoes? -I think we should take the shoes.
Don't you think so?
I guess we're taking the shoes.
Just Iike that.
Jesus, $1,800.
I guess I better not spill anything.
Don't worry. It's my treat.
What?
I invited you, I want to pay for the suit.
No way, you're not buying me a suit.
I wanted to do this for you.
Then I start to think of you Iike my mother and that can get a Iittle weird for me.
Sorry, sir, it was declined.
-Would you Iike to try another one? -Why don't you try mine?
How about this?
Let's try $800 on the card, I'II write a check for $1,000 and the rest in cash.
Forget it. It's too expensive.
Would you just Iet me buy the fucking suit?
That Saturday, Big took me to a cocktail party...
...at the home of Sarina Bush...
Great purse, fabulous.
Careful!
White rugs.
...an Upper East Side hostess famous for her husband's money...
...and a close friendship with Tina Brown.
I knew her 10 years ago when she was famous for...
...her father's money and a close friendship with her drug dealer.
God, I hate Park Avenue.
It's Iike being in a foreign country.
Just think of me as your passport, baby.
As we walked through the room...
...of women clutching their bejeweled swan, kitten and asparagus purses...
...I realized to my horror that not only did Big not love me...
...he had absolutely no idea who I was.
-Can I get you a drink? -Tanqueray and tonic.
Carrie, a drink?
Red wine, please.
I'm sorry, Ms. Bush doesn't serve any brown food or drink.
Can I get you something clear?
Vodka on the rocks.
No brown food?
I think we've encountered a mutant strain of Upper East Side anal.
She's a Iittle strange. I've known her for years, she's okay.
I'm sure she's fabulous until you spill something.
It's Iike she's trying to cultivate an eccentricity...
...so people won't notice she's completely devoid of personality.
-Don't be a bitch. -I'm not, I'm being myself.
You're being a bit of a bitch.
Sweetheart!
How are you? It's been forever.
Thank you for having us.
Sarina, you know Carrie.
Darling, you can't smoke in here.
Terrace.
That's where I'II be.
Just like that, I was cast out of the fancy party.
Charlotte found herself the newest member of Wiley Ford's entourage.
When did marijuana become Iegal in restaurants?
It didn't.
-Here. -No, thank you.
I don't smoke pot.
You do now.
Sum was very rude to me the other morning.
She practically threw me out of bed.
You must've misunderstood.
Her English isn't really that good.
More asparagus, Miss?
It was then Samantha realized...
...she wasn 't so dim, that Sum.
That night, I realized that relationships had a caste system of their own.
There's the person who says, "I love you. "
And there's the person who never responds.
What are you doing here?
Purveying the beverages.
-Just snuck out here to smoke. -Good.
Are you friends with these people?
God, no.
A Iittle uptight.
-What's with the no brown food deal? -Whatever.
Jeremiah was a famous downtown performance artist...
...who was best known uptown as: "Kid, give me another scotch and soda. "
We had engaged in a mild flirtation for years.
Who're you here with?
Some guy.
I got a new tattoo, want to see it?
-Is that real? -Yeah, it's real.
How far down does that go?
Pretty far.
Check it out.
Shit.
Excuse me.
Shit.
Were you really giving the caterer a blow job?
First of all, he's not a caterer.
He's a well-known performance artist.
That didn't answer my question.
Because it was offensive.
Whatever you were doing, please stop.
You're embarrassing me.
I'm embarrassing you?
If you'd joined me on the terrace Iike a gentleman...
...we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Let's just go.
You go, I'm having a good time.
And across town, Miranda was late for the firm dinner.
Why are you dressed Iike that?
I returned the suit.
Frankly, I couldn't afford it.
Then why didn't you Iet me pay for it?
Miranda, you need to be with a guy who's more on your Ievel.
Being in that store with you...
...I didn't feel good about myself.
I think you're an incredible Iady.
You want to break up with me over a suit?
Fuck the suit.
It's not just the suit.
There's always gonna be things out of my reach.
I'm being punished for being successful.
That's not how I mean it.
Got it.
Thanks for the info and for standing me up.
It's been nice knowing you.
An hour later, adrift in a sea of Italian wool crepe...
...Miranda wondered what was really so wrong with corduroy, anyway.
In the space of one evening, Charlotte had gone from girlfriend...
...to groupie.
Who had the rum and coke?
Listen, Charlene.
I want you to do something for me.
I want you to go to the Iadies' room...
...stick your finger in your pussy...
...come back and Iet me smell it.
I don't think so.
Charlotte realized, another moment at the top...
...and she would have become an Untouchable.
"Jeremiah was a bullfrog
"Was a good friend of mine
"I never understood a single word he said
"But I helped him drink his wine"
After Jeremiah got fired, we celebrated downtown...
...with a couple of pitchers of Margaritas.
"Joy to the world
"AII the boys and girls
"Joy to the--
"Joy to the fishes in the deep blue--"
I don't Iive here.
"Joy to you and me"
That was the last thing I remembered that night.
"If I were the king of the world"
-You just relax. -I will.
I'm gonna go grab a shower.
Excuse me.
Nasty.
Nasty girl.
You dirty cock-sucking whore.
Must wash sheets right away.
Stop it! Let go. You're crazy.
What's going on out here?
I'm so sorry.
I just tried to wash the sheets, but that Iady hit me.
How dare you treat Sum that way.
-Let me explain. -No!
There's no explanation.
Just get out of here.
Samantha realized there was only room for one woman in Harvey's life.
Jesus.
Listen...
...I know what you're really pissed off about.
It's just something I gotta do in my own time.
Okay?
I fucking Iove you.
All right? You know I do.
Good morning.
It's just a tough thing for me to say...
...because it always seems to get me in trouble when I say it.
Okay?
Okay.
Are we okay?
We're great.
I Iove you, too.
I'II call you Iater, okay?
Did we?
Definitely not.
I didn't think so.
I felt like I was the lowest of the low.
I never told Mr. Big.
I figured everything before "I love you"just doesn't count.




The most powerful woman in New York is not Tina Brown...
or Diane Sawyer or even Rosie O'Donnell.
It's the hostess at Balzac...
which had overnight become the only restaurant that mattered.
And we were there to celebrate the moment.
This is humiliating.
We've been waiting for 45 minutes.
I think I'm gonna faint.
- Doesn't she know who we are? - Who are we?
I own my own PR firm. You write a newspaper column.
This should not be happening.
I'm going back up there. Excuse me.
Hello. Excuse me. Hello! We've been waiting 45 minutes.
Look, I'm not sure you understand...
but I'm kind of somebody...
and she's definitely kind of somebody...
and we really need to eat now.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
- Give me a 20. - You must be joking.
Do you think I should make it a 50?
If I had $50 with me, do you think I'd give it to that girl?
She cannot do this to us.
- We're leaving. - Oh, God.
Let me tell you something.
I was that woman ten years ago...
but I wielded my power in a benevolent manner.
Can we please talk about this over lunch somewhere else?
Where, somewhere like New Jersey, where we might actually get seated?
Do you realize, if she were a man, not only would we be eating now...
but they'd be sending over free drinks.
I know a great Thai place around the corner...
where the owner's son practically always sends over...
a complementary order of mee krob.
How sad. Do you think we can get it to go?
A short time later, Samantha headed back to her office...
while I decided to investigate this theory I had...
about shopping as a way to unleash the creative subconscious.
All right. I'm gonna take them.
I was already planning on returning them when...
Miss?
They told me to do that. And now they want to talk to you.
- That won't be necessary. - Oh, my God! I don't believe it!
- When did you get to town? - Just yesterday.
- Darling, you look fantastic. - I can't let you do this.
Of course you can. And you can pay me back never.
Besides, it's on Carlo.
Wow. When did you two...
About two months.
His family has this gigantic ranch in Argentina. Very, very wealthy.
He has a tiny little penis, but he knows exactly how to use it.
Wave, darling. Wave.
Ciao, ciao, ciao.
That's very nice of you, but I just can't accept these.
But of course you can.
When have I ever given you a birthday present or a Christmas present?
I mean, you are like a sister to me...
yet I never see you.
The truth was, we'd only met a few times.
Most people would classify Amalita as Eurotrash.
I thought she was fun.
So call me. I'm staying at the Four Seasons with Carlo.
- Don't you live in the city? - I'm a citizen of the world.
A citizen of the world, darling.
Now take the shoes, and we'll talk soon.
- I can't do this. - Of course you can.
- Go, go. - Thank you.
I couldn't understand a word she was saying...
but I felt I had in my possession all the Italian I'd ever need to know.
While at home, all the English I seemed to encounter...
was "bills, bills, bills."
I envied Amalita.
Her life was a blur of rich men, designer clothes...
and glamorous resorts.
She didn't actually work for a living, yet possessed a dazzling sexual power...
that she exploited to her full advantage.
Which presented a certain conundrum.
Where's the line between professional girlfriend...
and just plain professional?
Women have the right to use every means at their disposal to achieve power.
Short of sleeping their way to the top.
Not if that's what it takes to compete.
But that's exploitation!
Of men... which is perfectly legal.
Saturday night. In an effort to save money...
and maybe even pick up a few extra bucks...
I invited the girls over for poker.
- I'll buy two. - I'm in for three.
So you advocate a double standard.
Women can use their sexuality to get ahead whenever possible...
but men should not be allowed to take advantage of it?
I'm just saying that men and women are equal-opportunity exploiters.
- I fold. - What if you sense that someone...
is giving you a professional advantage because they find you charming?
- Charming? - This I gotta hear.
A few days ago, Neville Morgan, the notoriously reclusive painter...
paid a visit to the gallery.
Neville was making his yearly pilgrimage to Manhattan...
to check out what was new and hot on the art scene.
And he found it... Charlotte.
It was only a matter of moments before he invited her to his farm upstate...
to view his latest work.
If I could get him to show at the gallery, it would be an incredible coup.
- But what if he wants me to, you know. - Hold his brush?
If he so much as suggests what she's suggesting...
you give me a call and we'll sue the hell out of him.
That's the only proper way to trade sex for power.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
You're like the Harvard Law Lorena Bobbitt.
It's Skipper. I told him I was here.
He insisted on picking me up, but he's not supposed to be here till 11:00.
He's like a sweet little seal pup.
That you sometimes want to club.
You're an hour early.
I can wait in the hall.
Skipper, come in.
It's all right.
I'm leaving anyway.
You guys have cleaned me out.
Good night, ladies.
Keep me posted.
A couple of hours later, I was looking forward...
to calling it an early night, when...
- Hello? - Carrie, you bitch! What are you doing?
- I'm getting ready to go to sleep. - Why don't you come and join us?
We are at Balzac, and there is someone here I am dying for you to meet.
I'd love to, but I'm really trying to cut back.
You know, pinch a few pennies.
You are crazy, you know that?
Why don't you just come down here and be your fabulous self?
The truth was I could barely afford that either.
But I rationalized that my new shoes...
shouldn't be punished just because I can't budget.
Sorry. You're not on the list.
I don't need a list. My friends are already in.
Darling, what took you so long?
You won't believe what Carlo bought me this afternoon at Van Cleef & Arpels.
What?
Oh, my God, it's gorgeous.
Twelve thousand dollars.
Listen, I want you to come and meet the world's most fabulous man.
Sounds like a trendy sideshow act.
You're crazy!
Carrie, I'd like you to meet my boyfriend Carlo.
- And his friend Gilles. - Hello.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
Gilles is an architect from Paris.
- How long are you here for? - Just a couple of days. On business.
I've told Gilles all about you.
I told him you were the most beautiful...
talented and fascinating woman in New York.
And single. How is this possible?
I get it. You're an architect and a comedian.
I don't understand.
Nothing. I'm just being un peu stupide.
You? Never.
I suddenly recalled my terrible weakness for gorgeous French architects.
Can I get anyone something else?
You would like another bottle of wine?
Wonderful.
And what will the rest of you be having?
During the next couple of hours, I put my journalistic skills to good use.
I discovered that Gilles was recently divorced...
with a five-year-old daughter, Beatrice...
who lived with her mother in Paris.
He was passing through New York on his way to Brazil...
to supervise construction of a new hotel.
I think you are too beautiful to be a writer.
I think you're too charming to be an architect.
I think you should give up your life here...
and move with me to Paris immediately.
I thought you were spending the next six months in Brazil.
You can join me there first.
Don't tempt me.
I'm so broke these days I might take you up on that offer...
just to save on rent.
Writing does not pay well?
No, it does.
It's just, I have this little substance abuse problem.
Expensive footwear.
I see.
I'm only here for the weekend...
but I would love to see you tomorrow.
Maybe you could show me the town.
You've never been to New York?
About 12 times...
but I've never seen it with someone like you.
You really have that certain je ne sais quoi, don't you?
Yes.
And so do you.
So, I'll see you tomorrow.
Good night.
Sure, I saw some red flags...
divorced, French and almost uncomfortably handsome...
but I felt like I was floating on air.
The next morning I was brought back down to Earth...
as I confronted that eternal puzzle...
a closet full of clothes, nothing to wear.
Just a minute!
Who is it?
- Hey. - Hey. I'm sorry. I should go.
Skipper, come on in. What is it?
It's Miranda. She's got me totally whacked.
It's like I'm obsessed.
And I know that I shouldn't be because I can sense...
that it's totally turning her off.
But I can't control it. I can't.
It's like she's got this power over me...
and I'm helpless.
Keep going. I have to get dressed, all right?
Is it possible to be addicted to a person?
The sex is so awesome that it's, like...
it's all I can think about.
I've never considered myself a horn dog before...
but I'm worried I might be starting to scare her off.
Well, is that what she said?
No, but mostly we just have sex in the afternoon.
She never lets me spend the night.
Well, I have an idea.
Why don't the two of you just spend a night together...
and not have sex?
That would be hard. That would be really hard.
Well, I think it's really important that you try.
I don't even shower afterwards.
I like to spend the whole day smelling like Miranda.
I began to fear that Miranda's sexuality was overpowering poor Skipper.
Later I spent the most incredibly romantic afternoon with Gilles.
I felt like I had landed in a Claude Lelouch film...
A Man and a Slightly Neurotic Woman.
Wait. Wait.
I kind of have this rule.
I don't sleep with men I've only known a day.
I see.
I gave in. After all, it was already tomorrow in Paris.
You look so beautiful when you sleep.
I didn't want to disturb you.
- Are you leaving so early? - I've got a plane.
I'll get up.
Stay in bed. Order room service.
Enjoy yourself.
- I can just get dressed. - Relax.
I'll call you.
Okay.
As he walked out the door, it suddenly dawned on me...
that he didn't have my phone number.
And I didn't have his phone number.
But he had left me a note...
with $1,000 in cash.
"Thanks for the beautiful day."
Must have been a hell of a beautiful day.
Well, it was. We had such a fantastic connection.
Then he leaves me money.
I don't understand. What exactly about me screams "whore"?
Besides the $1,000 on the end table?
I just can't believe that you had dinner at Balzac.
Wait a minute. I thought I ordered two eggs benedict and one spinach omelette.
It's all right. I'll take the omelette.
This isn't right. We're gonna pay for all this ourselves, all right?
He said order anything.
The room service is one thing, but the money... uh-uh.
What are you getting so uptight about?
Money is power. Sex is power.
Therefore, getting money for sex is simply an exchange of power.
Don't listen to the dime store Camille Paglia.
I don't know whether to take it as an incredible compliment...
or as an incredible insult.
Just take it, period.
I wouldn't know how to return it anyway because he didn't leave me his number.
He paid in full. What more is there to talk about?
Who is this Amalita Amalfi character, anyway?
I'm concerned that you've been drafted into a ring of high-class hookers.
She isn't a hooker.
She's...
She's like an international party girl.
She's a hooker with a passport.
Do you ever have any conversations about money?
I did allude to the fact that I was a bit cash poor these days.
So maybe it's supposed to be a loan?
I don't remember filling out an application.
Sweetheart, men give, women receive.
- It's biological destiny. - Do you really want to say that?
That's the argument men have used since the dawn of time to exploit women.
I'm just gonna write the whole thing off as a bad date with a cash bonus.
You know, that salmon is really good.
I think we should order another one.
As I struggled with the dilemma of how to manage my newfound money...
Charlotte arrived at the secluded Connecticut home...
of the painter Neville Morgan...
in an attempt to secure his latest work.
Welcome.
Hi. I feel so privileged.
Meeting you is without a doubt the high point of my career.
Thank you.
I'm frankly surprised that someone as young as you is familiar with my work.
Are you serious? I studied you in college.
Oh, my God. I apologize.
- I really do. - You're much too modest.
Here we are.
Excuse me.
The canvasses you're about to see...
are what I consider to be the apotheosis...
of every great idea I've ever had.
It's the closest I've ever come...
to pure, universal God force.
The cunt.
Oh, my.
They're very powerful.
Exactly.
The most powerful force...
in the universe.
The source of all life...
and pleasure...
and beauty.
That's true.
I used to paint full nudes...
but as I got older I realized...
that the truth...
was to be found only in the cunt.
Charlotte hated the "C" word.
But Neville Morgan was not a man to be corrected.
Hi.
I thought you might like something to drink.
Charlotte, this is my wife, Gertrude.
It's a pleasure.
- Lemonade and cookies? - Thank you.
Each of these portraits...
is of a woman who has touched my life.
Incredible.
I wonder...
would you consider posing for me sometime?
Me? L...
Well...
I'm very flattered.
Excellent.
So long as you're here, I could sketch you this afternoon.
I bet you have a beautiful cunt, dear.
As Charlotte pondered how far she would go for her love of art...
and the gallery...
Another Saturday night.
With my hooker money still burning a hole in my pocket...
Samantha and I showed up at Balzac.
She reasoned that since I was there once...
I was as good as in.
I don't understand.
I made these reservations weeks ago, and she's already been here.
I'm sorry.
Is there a host that I might talk to?
I will snap her.
I will put her over my knee, and I will snap her like a twig.
I'm sorry. I'm hungry.
I'm going to go to the bathroom, and then we're leaving, all right?
Come here!
They all looked so chic and glamorous.
Part of me wanted to grab Samantha and make a run for it.
- While another part... - Hi.
How are you?
Carrie, I want you to meet Mario...
Allen, Justine and Peter.
Mario's family has one of those gorgeous palazzos...
on the Grand Canal in Venezia.
And we are all going there next week for the film festival.
- You should join us. - Absolutely!
Yes, you must bring your little laptop and write all about it.
You'd be mad not to go.
Carrie is one of the most fascinating...
talented and beautiful women in New York.
I have no doubt.
I've never been to Venice.
Venice is the most beautiful, the most romantic city in the world.
Really?
I heard it was sinking.
That's why you must come immediately... before it's all gone.
I couldn't say I wasn't tempted.
I realized that I could leverage myself...
like the human equivalent of a sexy junk bond.
I'd parlay that $1,000 into a trip to Venice...
into a nice piece of jewelry...
a rich husband, followed by a richer divorce.
I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to say good-bye.
I'm here with a friend. She's waiting for me at the bar.
What a pity.
Call me. I'm staying at the Carlyle with Peter.
Just because Venice was sinking...
didn't mean my morals had to go down with it.
And as for Gilles and the $1,000...
I figured there was nothing to be done.
For better or worse, I had just established my rate...
for a one-night stand.
Excuse me.
And then the most powerful woman in Manhattan asked me for a favor.
Do you have a tampon?
Oh! Sure.
Of course.
Thanks a lot.
I never told Samantha the source of my newfound power...
but from that moment on, we never had a problem...
getting a table at Balzac again.
A couple of weeks later, we were all there...
to celebrate Charlotte's coup.
Hi. Excuse me just a second.
Are you number nine?
Oh, my God.
I am so not number nine.
Five.
Yeah, right.
It's this, right?
Really?
They say a picture is worth a thousand words...
but in this case...
I was speechless.




There are fewthings I love as much as Sunday brunch.
You can sleep till noon
and still get eggs anywhere in the city.
Alcohol is often included.
And it's the one day
you get the single woman's sports' pages -
"The New York Times" wedding section.
This is so depressing.
The oldest woman on this page is 27.
Now I'm depressed
and I haven't had coffee yet.
At least you have a boyfriend.
That only means I'm getting laid.
On a regular basis.
I'll drink to that.
Until recently, the bride, 24,
worked as a supervisor
at Ogilvy & Mather. 24!
No more reading aloud.
I love how they say "until recently".
Meaning she quit her job
once she found her soul mate /investment banker.
It's so retro. I've got a rock on my finger.
Now I can stop pretending to care about my career.
Until recently, the bride had a life of her own.
You know who they marry? The roman numeral guys.
- Charles Duffy Anderson IV. - Ding, ding, ding.
The higher the number, the worse the sex.
- I dated a lll. He couldn't get it up. - How bad must Henry Vlll have been!
You give him head, he cuts yours off!
This couple met on a bike tour.
I just make it through spinning. All the men are gay.
It's amazing how upset women get over the marital status of strangers.
- What was that? - Nothing.
- Let me see. - Nothing to see.
You're such a bad liar.
Then there's the occasional familiar face.
Well, it's official. He's married. Where are my fries?
It's fine, all right? I was prepared for this.
They had an engagement party at the Plaza.
- Sometimes they break off. - This one didn't. Let's move on.
Why is their wedding like a short story? What's next, a movie?
It's fluff, it's PR. Anybody could be this story.
Anybody who's getting married.
This is what I hate about "The Sunday Times".
This and the country houses I can't afford.
- You want to rent a movie? - It's OK. I'm not gonna slit my wrists.
I just thought you might want some company.
You know what? I think I want to be alone.
- OK, I'm just gonna take the paper. - Would you stop?
I know what you're gonna do. You can't not read it.
You'll cry and it'll be awful. Let's read it now and get it over with.
The couple met in Paris, on the lle St-Louis.
How original, they fell in love in Paris.
"I was alone at a cafe when the waiter brought over a bottle of Pinot Noir
"from a handsome man at the bar", the bride said, her eyes sparkling.
"When we'd finished the wine, I knew I wanted to marry him. "
You were drunk and he was rich. This is just bad journalism.
Marry they did, in Southampton at the bride's parents' estate.
There were only 50 guests.
"We wanted it intimate. Just family and close friends. "
- And "The New York Times". - How intimate is that?
I don't hear Big anywhere in this article.
She's calling the shots and he's just along for the ride.
The bride carried calla lilies, tied with a red ribbon.
That's nice.
As she walked down the aisle
a saxophone played "When A Man Loves A Woman".
Well, that's tacky.
No, that's Big.
What I wouldn't give for a working fireplace.
- He wasn't the right man for you. - I know that.
I know, it's not him. It's the whole wedding.
And it's her... her!
You know, she's just...
you know, shiny hair, style section... Vera Wang.
And I'm the sex column they run next to ads for penile implants.
Big wasn't the only one taking the plunge.
After more than a decade of domestic independence,
Miranda had opened up to a relationship...
Good morning.
...with a cleaning lady.
Good morning, Magda.
Do you know where the coffee mugs are?
I moved them here.
- Now all glasses are together. - I guess that makes more sense.
You know what? I always drink coffee out of my law school class of '90 mug,
because it's bigger, and... It's just what I always use.
I bring you nice herbal teas. Tea is better for you.
Oh, thank you very much, but I prefer coffee.
Thank you.
- Why do I have a rolling pin? - It's for you to make pies.
It's good for women to make pies.
- Do you have a rolling pin? - On me?
- In your kitchen? - I use my oven for storage.
My cleaning lady brought me one. She couldn't believe I didn't have one.
I can't believe you have a cleaning lady.
Don't even start. I feel guilty enough.
I hate being home when she is. I feel like if I'm home,
I should be cleaning or making pies. She says that's what women do.
Where did you find her, in a time capsule?
I know. I don't need to make pies.
I'm practically a partner in a major lawfirm. If I want pie, I can buy it.
I think I need this in a smaller size.
I'll get it for you, just hand it out, there's no need...
Carrie?
And there she was, Mrs. Big, all five foot ten of her.
Hey... Hi, Natasha.
I heard... I read...
Congratulations on the thing, on the wedding.
This is Miranda, we're shopping.
- Hi. - Nice to meet you.
That looks nice, what you have on there.
You think?
I need something for this "Women In The Arts" luncheon I helped organize.
- I'm on the steering committee. - Really? I'm a member.
You know, I write, so I am a woman in the arts.
I go to that lunch every year...
...in clothes.
- So, you're going then? - Yeah, I'm going.
- Great, I'll see you there. - All right.
Oh, my God.
- Now, I can't find the invitation. - Why did you say you'd go?
I've talked to her twice, once in a cowboy hat, and once in my bra.
Like freakin' Annie-get-your-clothes-on.
I would just like her to see me looking normal.
- Just normal? - I would prefer to look amazing.
Not like I'm trying, just effortlessly striking.
I see. And will Big be at this event?
It's a "Women In The Arts" luncheon. It's not about Big, it's about Natasha.
It seems to be a lot of trouble for a woman.
Can you help me find out when and where it is?
I can do better than that, I'm coming too.
So, you support women in the arts?
I support you, and these bitches need to be put in their places.
That night I modeled my wardrobe in my head and vetoed everything.
Why did I care so much?
What was it about Natasha that made me feel like the charity case?
Was it just that she had Big, or was this bigger than Big?
I started to wonder. Are there women in New York
just there to make us feel bad about ourselves?
For Miranda, that woman was a certain Ukrainian housekeeper.
- You're early. - Yes, good morning.
Did you bring me this?
It's gift, to make your bathroom nicer.
Thanks. Did you move my hairdryer? It used to be under the sink.
In the middle drawer. Last week I organize for you.
No, that drawer doesn't need organizing.
Magda had discovered Miranda's "goodie-drawer".
I have a boyfriend, so it's not like I'm sleeping with lots of different men.
For a long time there was no guy and that's why I have the other thing.
- OK. - You like this boyfriend?
- Yes. - You want to marry this man?
I don't know.
Everybody wants to get married. I am married 28 years.
Well, we'll see. I don't know if I want to get married.
God bless you.
I don't need you to bless me.
I don't need God to bless me. I'm fine with my life as it is.
It's like I hired my mother.
Manhattan has spas, where a woman can pay to feel good about herself.
I can't believe she opened your goodie-drawer.
Everybody knows the night-stand is private.
- What do you have in there? - The usual, condoms, vibrator...
- Massage oil, cigarettes. - Nipple clamps.
- Really? - Not for me, for them.
That's freakish.
What's in your goodie-drawer, Robert's "Rules Of Order"?
- I don't have a goodie-drawer. - Everybody has one.
- I've got a goodie-closet. - I don't need to know what's in it.
Ditto. Nipple clamps will suffice for today.
I'm not in the mood for steam, it's too hot.
Then take off your towel, relax.
I don't feel like being relaxed in here.
There goes a woman who desperately needs a goodie-drawer.
Charlotte?
- What's wrong? - I was just hot.
OK, and...
And... I'm just not comfortable being naked in public.
This isn't really public, it's a ladies' locker-room.
- I didn't grow up in a naked house. - I didn't either.
I bet she grew up in a naked house.
She might still live in a naked house.
Sweetie, who cares how you look to other women.
You have a perfect body.
You're deluded.
Charlotte, you have a beautiful figure.
- Really? - Yes!
Why was that women looking at me like my thighs were too big?
Samantha always felt good about herself.
But after her 80-minute massage, she felt even better.
I just had the most intense massage. Kevin goes down on you.
Samantha's was good, but not that good.
- Are you serious? - He's incredible. You should try him.
Samantha smiled,
but a woman with a goodie-closet doesn't need to pay for head.
Celia!
- Forgot your key. - Thanks, Kevin.
Then again, you can never have too many massages.
Samantha immediately got on the wait list
for Kevin's next available appointment.
That night, Steve wasn't available. Miranda chose the next best thing.
Magda was not only cleaning, she was performing an exorcism.
Later that week, I had a religious experience at Manolo Blahnik.
I need your opinion.
You can't afford them?
Can I get you something?
I'll have that incredibly rich-looking, flourless chocolate thing.
- And a cafe au lait. - I'll have a fruit cup.
- Now you're making me feel bad. - No, get what you want.
This place has the best desserts. The point of coming is to splurge.
That was a splurge. Fruit has a lot of carbs.
Is there a new "Zone" book out?
I hate my thighs.
The problem is not your thighs. The problem is your head.
Now... About the shoes.
Hold on...
I need these for the WITA luncheon.
The heels are almost high enough to put me face to face with Natasha,
if Natasha wears flats. But why would she wear flats?
Do they make the right statement?
What statement do you want to make?
I am beautiful, powerful and don't care you're only 25, and married my ex.
I thought you didn't have a complex about your looks.
It's not a complex. It's a Natasha specific obsession,
which will be over when she sees me, at the benefit, looking fabulous,
in these shoes and a dress from Bergdorf's that'll cost a month's rent.
Listen to you. You don't have to prove anything.
You are stunning, intelligent and funny. And what is she?
Married, that's all.
You could go to that luncheon, wearing that,
and still be the most incredible woman in the room.
Wow! Why can't you do that for yourself?
That afternoon, Charlotte faced her fear.
I'd kill for your breasts.
Meanwhile, Samantha had spent the last half hour face-down,
picturing Kevin's face down on her.
- Is this pressure OK? - Oh, yes. That is just fine.
Ready to turn over now?
I most certainly am.
- Is this OK? - Yes.
- Is this OK? - Yes.
Is this OK?
Yes.
Since they were running out of time, she took the matter in her own hands.
Is this OK?
Apparently, it wasn't.
What kind of person does such a thing?
To molest a trained professional while he is trying to do his job.
Helena Rubinstein is a civilized place, for civilized people.
I'm sorry, I can't allow you to come back here.
I have to protect my staff.
Clearly, she meant Kevin's staff.
This isn't my fault.
I know that Kevin went down on another customer,
and that's why I booked the appointment.
The following Monday, Samantha and I were the definition of civilized.
We officially became ladies who luncheon.
It was entrapment, false advertising and blatant discrimination.
You can't go down on one and not the other.
I paid good money, expecting to be eaten out.
This is not the conversation I wish to have as my most amazing self.
- Do you see her? - No...
But I do see Wendy Wasserstein and Gloria Steinem.
- Believe me, you look stunning. - You know what? I believe you.
Hello Mimi, Ms Carrie Bradshaw, and Ms Samantha Jones.
I'm a member, I just haven't been to an event, ever.
It's Bradshaw.
Here you are. Wear your name tags.
Last year we had an incident with Joyce Carol Oates.
I'm not sure the "Hello, my name is" goes with the ensemble.
Hello, my name is Fabulous.
Oh, Natasha's not here yet.
- Natasha's not coming. - What?
She's got a cold, and didn't want to get everybody sick.
Here are your drink tickets.
I can't believe that bitch is a no-show.
I'm the one who's sick. Charged another outfit I can't afford.
Maybe bounced a cheque to charity, just to prove I'm amazing.
I've never felt less so. Let's just go.
I've paid $85, we're having our drinks. What do you feel like?
- Loser on the rocks? - Give me those tickets.
Who is this and what's she doing in my bedroom?
Virgin Mary.
- And where's my other thing? - What thing?
You know, the thing. Don't make me say it.
The thing you replaced with this lady.
Bathroom, middle drawer. Next to hairdryer.
No man will marry you if that is by your bed. It says you don't need him.
What I don't need is another mother.
I have one in Philadelphia, and that's close enough.
I need a housekeeper, who will clean my apartment
and stop judging because I'm a 34 year old, single woman in New York.
I drink coffee, have sex, buy pies and enjoy battery-operated devices.
If you can't deal with that, I will find a housekeeper who can.
I also head the committee to match mentors with underprivileged children.
It'd be wonderful if you'd be willing to work with kids who want to write.
I write about sex.
Is that something they'd like to learn? Writing about blow jobs?
We can always use help in fundraising.
Carrie, this is Jenna.
- Hi, Jenna. - Nice to meet you.
Jenna went to college with Natasha. Go ahead, tell her what you told me.
OK, well, Natasha lived in my dorm, freshmen year at Tulane.
Once, she showered with a guy in the community bathroom.
And...
And she gained like ten pounds, sophomore year.
Wow.
Ten pounds. Thanks, Jenna.
Merry Christmas.
That's supposed to make me feel better?
Six years ago she had a weight problem?
It's something.
You had to love her for trying.
Samantha tried to make me feel good by making Natasha sound bad,
but it only made me feel worse.
- Another drink? - Another one and I'll lose my lunch.
When you get home you'll smile because she was a porker in college.
Ten pounds does not a porker make.
- You're Samantha Jones. - Yes. We met at Helena Rubinstein.
Katy, Leisle, look who's here. The woman who got Kevin fired.
Thanks a lot!
- Yeah, thanks. - Who's gonna fuck me now?
Kevin fucked you?
Turns out I wasn't the kind of member those women in the arts needed.
That night, in her spotless apartment, Miranda knew she'd been right
to take a stand because of her night-stand.
Magda realized that single women in New York never make pies,
but they sometimes make guys.
A few weeks later, I got something in the mail from Women In The Arts.
It was a "Thank you for attending", signed by Natasha.
Game over. I had to accept that in life, some women are simply better.
No amount of shoes, or lack of pastry or making of pies will change that.
I will never be the woman with the perfect hair,
who can wear white and not spill on it.
And chair committees, and write thank you notes.
And I can't feel bad about that.
"Sorry I couldn't be their. "
T-H-E-I-R.
But I could feel good about this.
Miranda, it's good she got married. The woman's an idiot.




There is a time of year in New York when,
even before the first leaf falls,
you feel the seasons click.
The air is crisp, the summer is gone.
For the first night in a long time,
you need a blanket on your bed.
It brings up other needs as well.
- What are you doing? - Is this who I think it is?
- Who do you think it is? - Princess Grace of Monaco.
She's dead.
So you understand my surprise.
What's shaking, kid?
- It's fall. - I thought it was lndian summer.
Then I guess I should take off my moccasins.
Are you still smoking?
Yes and no. I'm bad.
- Are you alone? - Yes, ma'am.
I can't sleep. I'm feeling a little lonely.
- Do you ever feel lonely? - No.
Can I come over?
Sure.
To be clear, it's just to keep each other company.
I always enjoy company.
- Get it while it's hot! - I thought it was a company visit.
- All your furniture is gone. - See?
This is why I'm leaving New York. The crime.
- Leaving New York? - I'm moving.
- You are not moving. - Tell that to my realtor in Napa.
Napa as...
...as in California?
I bought a vineyard. Half a vineyard.
Technically, it's three-quarters, but there's a dispute over a hillside.
Take this pizza and put it someplace.
- Moving when? - Monday at 5:00.
If I hadn't happened to call tonight,
you were going to go away without telling me?
I'm not big on goodbyes. I would have called you.
From where? A wine vat somewhere?
You can't leave New York. You're the Chrysler building.
It would be all wrong in a vineyard.
Arrivederci, baby.
- But...why? - I'm tired of old New York.
If you're tired, you take a "napa", you don't move to Napa.
I need a cocktail.
And downtown, another woman was feeling deserted.
- Hey, gorgeous! - Don't gorgeous me.
I've eaten half a box of chocolates. When I get cellulite, it will be your fault.
- I got held up. - The telephone. Have you two met?
I was busy.
What's up? Besides me.
I don't like being kept waiting, especially when I have a gift for you.
Is this an actual gift or are we talking sex?
- What's the occasion? - National "Richard's a prick" day.
I saw it and I thought of you. Do you like it?
Very much.
It was the closest Samantha had come to giving her heart to a man
in a long, long time.
It would be perfect right there.
You kept nothing to sit on, but you have your records?
I know what's important.
Blood, Sweat & Tears?
- Shouldn't this be in a museum? - Be nice.
Henry Mancini!
Exactly how old are you?
It was my parents'. Don't knock it till you've heard it.
- Easy, Pops! - Just give me the record.
I've been thinking. You can't slink out of town this way.
We have to do it up right. A proper goodbye.
You and me and New York. You owe it to us.
By "us" I mean New York and myself.
How's that wine?
- It's from my vineyard. - In that case, I hate it.
- You can't be serious! - Wait, wait.
So corny.
It's classic. Listen.
This was my parents' favourite song.
They used to put it on before they went out on the town.
Listen. Did you hear that?
When I was little I thought it was "two twisters". You know, the twist?
It was the 60s and my parents had the moves!
See? I got you.
Thank you for the company.
That's it?
- You can stay. - No, I'll see you Sunday night.
Don't disappoint us. And by "us" I mean you and me.
That pizza will be fantastic for breakfast.
Next morning, I broke the news.
Going, going, gone. It's the end of an era.
Where do people go when they leave New York?
The real world?
A homeless man showed me his dick. That's real.
- Big wasn't going to tell you? - No, but he said he'd call.
Like guys you have a second date with and never see again.
- I pretend they died. - Now the tough question.
Should you sleep with him one last time?
Going-out-of-business sex. What do we think?
- OK, Quick Draw, give it a second. - No.
We like each other, we respect each other. It could be nice.
Romantic.
You had sex with Steve.
Sex with an ex can be depressing.
If it's good, you no longer have it. If it's bad,
- you just had sex with an ex. - It wouldn't be bad.
I'm just saying.
Aren't you afraid you'll be pulled back into all that Big stuff again?
- No. He's not Niagara Falls. - lsn't he?
You're not giving me any credit.
This is not two years ago. Things have changed.
Big and I are different. I feel safe around him.
He's like...
...this great man in my life and he's leaving.
Use a condom, that's all I'm saying.
I don't know how you survived it. This love stuff is a motherfucker.
- Did you say "love"? - What the hell.
My name is Samantha and I am a love-aholic.
It's infuriating.
Where can this go? No one makes relationship things work, do they?
They're the same people that leave New York.
I'm surprised Big is moving. I always thought... Never mind.
You always thought what?
I always thought you two would end up together.
- How? - They made mistakes, but...
If she was going to wind up with anybody, it was Aidan.
This is very informative.
You don't have enough distance to have sex with your ex.
Thanks for the sound advice.
- I haven't had sex since my ex. - It's the only way to move on.
Use a condom.
Later that night, I got to thinking about fate,
the concept that we're not responsible for the course of our lives,
that it's all predestined, written in the stars.
Maybe that explains why,
if you live in a city where you can't see the stars,
your love life tends to feel more random.
Even if every kiss, every heartache,
is pre-ordered from some cosmic catalogue,
can we still take a wrong step and wander off our personal Milky Way?
I couldn't help but wonder: can you make a mistake and miss your fate?
If you look at how brilliantly Monet suggested glimpses of sky
and the luscious, tactile quality of the canvas,
you can see how he established his fate as one of the true poets of nature.
Charlotte's fate led her to the Museum of Modern Art.
We'll move on to the Pollock.
- Weren't you here last Sunday? - I love the lmpressionists.
And I'm trying to get up the courage to invite you to dinner.
- That's very sweet, but... - But you have a boyfriend?
Actually, no. No boyfriend,
I was just separated and I'm not really ready to date yet.
I understand. I went through a divorce last year. I'm Eric.
Viewing Jackson Pollock's "One" is an almost overwhelming ex...
And, speaking of overwhelming exes, there was Charlotte's, with his mother.
I detest Monet. Such a sap.
Mother, you have got to learn how to form an opinion.
OK, enough Pollock.
Follow me as we move on to Paul Gauguin. Now!
Come on!
I changed my mind. I'll have dinner with you.
To avoid her ex, Charlotte ran all the way into the Expressionist era.
On the Upper West Side,
two other exes were dealing with A, B and Cs.
"Connect part C with bracket B and bolt three."
Now you're not even making sense. That can't be right.
"Connect part C to bracket B, using bolt three."
Hand me bolt three.
Aren't you going to point out you were right?
You have 40 pounds on me.
- I was thinking of Danny. - Danny who?
For the baby. Danny Hobbes.
- I like that. - Did you have any ideas?
Paul.
Paul's a big name in the Brady family. My dad and my grandad.
Well... Paul.
But they're dead. You didn't even know them.
Danny's better.
"Danny, you want to go shoot some hoops?"
It sounds right.
Good.
We're making something for little Danny.
- Don't cry, Steve. - Sorry.
I've got work to do here.
If you want out of this, say it.
- I don't want sex and I want out? - What about yesterday?
- We were at the opera. - I was bored.
I fucked you for three hours when we came home.
Why haven't you hung the hearts? It's been laying there for days.
- I'm not sure it belongs here. - Or I don't?
Samantha, a stranger to love, didn't do it very well.
The weather this morning didn't say anything about a shit storm.
Where were you at lunch? I stopped by and you weren't there.
- I was eating. - Eating who?
I saw you get into a cab with a woman in "fuck me" heels!
Listen, Richard, tell me you're sleeping with someone else
and we'll call it a day.
The hearts would be better in the den.
I had a salad and salmon. The woman is a business associate.
I do not want out of this, but if you do, this is a good way to go.
I'm sorry.
She was an interior designer. You believe me, right?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
He's ploughing someone else. How could he not be?
You're not cheating on him. Miracles happen.
I'm going to follow him.
He won't know it's me. I got a wig from the Raquel Welch wig line.
The Raquel Welch wig line?
Sassy shag, chestnut brown. Very realistic for synthetic hair.
Why are you doing this?
I can't carry on and have my heart broken.
If he's cheating on me, I have to know.
If you love him, don't you think there's a chance
that he might love you too?
I stole his key. I'm going to check his answering machine.
I do not have bail money.
Hello, lover!
I am needing those for my last Big night on the town.
- What are you doing? - Drinks, dinner, dancing.
- Very old New York. - I meant sex or no sex.
I'm just getting around to picking the shoes.
We never really agreed on what we wanted out of the marriage.
My wife and l, different backgrounds.
You'd think we'd see that was going to be the problem.
But no.
- We were in love. - Love, right?
Love is tricky.
It's so hard to see clearly through it.
Exactly. It's like a fog or something.
You're very sweet, Eric.
After dinner, Charlotte invited Eric home for coffee and...
The "and" being "I'm determined to move on from my ex" sex.
This place is huge. You live here alone?
It's not that big.
Not that big? Was your ex a king or something?
- He's a doctor. - Look at the size of this place.
I live in a studio. You're rich.
My ex-wife was an Orthodox Jew, you're a rich girl.
Why can't I find a woman who's compatible with me?
I'm not really feeling that well. Maybe you should go.
Christ, it's huge! It goes all the way back there.
- Follow me. - Good idea.
Charlotte realised she may be ready to deal with her marriage past,
but not her dating future.
I had a lovely dinner. Bye!
Contrary to popular opinion,
I have given myself permission to sleep with Big, if it feels right.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
- You're a big girl. - Can I get that in writing?
It'd better stop raining before tonight. I have these amazing shoes.
- Are you having a baby? - Damn! And that was just a kick.
Wait till the labour starts. I'm getting a little freaked.
Will you be in the room with me?
Steve's good, but he's emotional. I need something normal to look at.
I'm there purely for decoration. I'm not cutting any umbilical anything.
That night, after the rain, after the dinner, after the dancing,
I took Big for a ride.
I can't believe you actually talked me into this.
A buggy ride in Central Park.
- Very corny. - Nope, classic.
What are you going to do out in Napa, besides watch grapes shrivel?
Work, smoke cigars,
- look at the stars. - I give it a week.
New York.
New York!
Aren't you going to miss it?
But I will miss you, kid.
Very much.
Your cell phone's ringing.
I don't have a cell phone.
Jesus! That is me!
Miranda gave me one because, you know...
How the hell does this thing...?
Thank you.
I'm in labour. Meet me at Mount Sinai at 99th and 5th.
- Is Steve with you? - He's on his way from the bar.
- Are you OK? - So far.
I've got a cab. I've got to go.
Miranda's in labour. I have to get to Mount Sinai.
Excuse me?
We need to get to 99th Street and 5th Avenue in a hurry.
I can't leave the park. I'll get a fine.
- What's your name? - Bobbo.
Here is 400 bucks.
See what you can do. Bobbo?
One short carriage ride later...
You leave tomorrow at five? How about lunch around two?
You're leaving me alone with a horse and buggy?
- Thanks for the ride, Prince Charming. - Any time.
81st and Park, Bobbo.
You will do anything to stop me from having sex with Big.
- You look pretty. - So do you.
Shouldn't you be lying down or biting on a leather strap?
I'm trying to get my water to break.
It's better than having them break it for you.
What can I do?
When this gets going, don't let anyone get all cheerleadery on me.
I don't want any "You can do it, push, push" shit.
Thus, with a destroyed pair of Christian Louboutin's,
began Miranda's delivery.
It would continue into lunch hour the next day.
There she was. Miss Sassy in her shag,
trying to catch Richard with his lunch time shag.
- Follow that car! - Are you kidding me?
Just go.
One cab ride and a breaking-and-entering later,
Samantha found herself at Richard Wright's bedroom door.
You bastard!
Who the hell are you?
It's just sex. I love you.
She was right about Wright, but now she wished she was wrong.
Now your heart's broken too!
Who was that?
The baby was almost as stubborn as Miranda.
- You're doing good there. - That's right.
You're almost there. Now push, push!
- Push, push, push! - Nurse?
Don't say that.
OK, Miranda. One more deep breath, and go.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, there he is!
And he's perfect.
Yes, he's perfect! He's perfect!
Nurse?
He's got ten toes, ten fingers.
Two balls.
- That feels good. - You did so good.
And just like that, life comes in and things begin to change.
It's weird.
It's like suddenly there's a giraffe in the room.
I was thinking Brady.
Brady Hobbes.
That's a fabulous hat.
He's really teeny and he has red hair!
Really? That is so cute!
I have to go. I still have a chance to catch Big.
Here comes Raquel Welch. She'll tell you. I'm late.
- Why are you wearing that wig? - My hair looks like shit.
Miranda has a son.
Just what the world needs. Another man.
Let's go see the baby!
Not so fast.
It's not even five.
What is this?
It was official: a new season had begun.
Maybe our mistakes are what make our fate.
Without them, what would shape our lives?
Perhaps if we never veered off course, we wouldn't fall in love
or have babies or be who we are.
After all, seasons change. So do cities.
People come into your life and people go.
But it's comforting to know the ones you love are always in your heart.
And, if you are very lucky,
a plane ride away.




The only thing as delicious as those first few bites of a truly great burger
are those first few dates with someone truly great like Berger.
It's sort of like that's cool.
I'll do a book reading in my hometown.
Right about after the fifth question,
I realized that my mother is heckling me.
She was not.
No, no. She was.
You can ask anybody at the diner's grill bar know about it all right?
They still talk about it.
Come here.
Everything is fresh. Everything is a first.
You like your beef?
Everything is foreplay.
Even a trip to Bed Bath & Beyond can become an ecstatic errand.
I don't see you as a fish person.
Yeah the problem with the fish is then you need a whole fish theme.
You have the fish soap, fish bath mat.
Pyramid scheme. The shower curtains.
Now this one, is the one I have at home.
So don't mind China is covered in mold.
And here they thought communist was a problem.
You know, it's a very intimate thing-shopping for shower curtains.
Oh yeah?
Wait till I get you into bedding.
And of course, those first kisses are the greatest kisses in the world.
Good night.
All right. We should get out of here before they turn the lights off.
The wait staff couldn't wait any longer.
And neither could I.
I wanted Berger in my Bed Bath and Beyond.
Immediately.
I'm either leaving a very big tip
or a dry cleaning receipt.
My hair.
Sorry.
Just.
No just.
The next night Samantha convinced us to go to Raw.
Where the scene was hot and the food was not.
You think a place that eliminated cooking
could eliminate waiting.
What do you mean, they don't cook the food here?
That's why they call it Raw. The Raw Food Movement?
People love it.
Sting, demi, soonyi, soon-me?
Now, what is raw food exactly?
Vega non dairy. And nothing is cooked over 118 degrees.
In other words, raw vegetables.
And sometimes flowers.
And you knew about this?
I read a review in the times.
Where, in the gardening section?
I heard it's delicious. People, the emperor has no oven.
I'm sorry. Sorry. I didn't get enough sleep last night.
Really? Did you finally bugger Berger?
How long have you been waiting to say that?
It just occurred to me.
Yes we finally buggered.
Yeah.
You realize you are now applauding intercourse?
It was their first time and she really likes him.
Jones. Your table is ready.
So details.
It was good. it was fine.
Fine?
I don't really wanna talk about it.
He couldn't get it up?
He could get it up.
That wasn't the.. you know what? There was no problem. Moving on.
Enjoy your meal.
What? I don't wanna make a big deal about it.
It was just the first time.
We're so good everywhere else.
We're great in restaurants, it's like  ^^;
And the kisses are great. And then in bed,
there was no sexual chemistry.
I don't know what happened. He just..
Couldn't find you clit?
He knows what he's doing.
Then what are we talking about?
It was.. it was just quiet.
I wouldn't worry about it Carrie. If the kisses were great,
then the sex will eventually big good.
I'm not worried. How quiet was it?
It was so quiet that at one point
I heard the M-11 bus.
I heard the doors open,
I heard people getting off.
Well at least someone was getting off. And speaking of.
Hey. Welcome to Raw.
Hello.
We'll like to get you started with a little amuse bouche.
I'd like him to amuse my bouche.
Well this just looks delicious.
It's our summer vegetable soup.
I see you guys are set for drinks so I'll give you a minute with the menus.
Oh and our specials tonight if you're interested.
Oh I'm extremely interested. Leak papaya patties and zucchini enchiladas.
I'm gonna need a pizza after this.
I'm gonna need a napkin to dry off my seat.
That waiter was hot.
And the soup is not.
What is this?
Bad. This is bad.
It is like lawn in a bowl.
Maybe something should be over a 118 degrees.
Like sex, for example?
Can we please forget I said anything? Seriously.
Who else has news?
I do.
But you're gonna have to put down your menus because I need your undivided attention.
Well you'll have to shoot our waiter. Will you look at that ass.
Do you mind?
I have something a bit shocking to say.
And after I say it I don't want anyone to react because I'm very happy with my decision.
I'm becoming a Jew.
What?
I can feel you reacting.
I love Harry very much and he loves me.
So tomorrow, I'm meeting with the rabbi to discuss converting.
Isn't that a lot of hoop jumping for a man?
Look.
Harry's not who I expected to fall in love with, but I did.
He makes me laugh
and he says what he means.
And I feel like I can be myself around him.
But yourself is a Episcopalian.
And it is still the most exciting sex I've ever had.
Mazel tov.
Now this is food.
And you know what's even better?
While I'm eating this slice of pizza,
my boyfriend is home taping my favorite TV show.
And to which boyfriend are we referring?
My boyfriend TiVo.
You've traded Steve-o for TiVo.
We don't talk of Steve-o anymore.
Thought if I changed his name.
Who needs him?
With TiVo, if there's something I don't enjoy,
I just speed right through it.
If only we could do that in life.
Exactly. And he surprises me with things he think I might like.
Which is how I got hooked on Jules and Mimi.
I stopped watching television when people started putting leaches down their pants.
No. No. No.
This is BBC America.
It's about a beautiful black man from Brickston,
and a white woman from Hamsted Heath.
I don't know what that means exactly,
but apparently there's a great divide.
And he rents the flat above her hat shop
and tonight, they're finally having sex.
Well, good luck to them.
Carrie, it was the first time.
I know.
And sometimes you have to work at it.
Have you ever had to work at it?
I'm dating a digital recording device.
Well I have never had to work at it with someone I really like.
You should probably keep that to yourself.
Okay but Miranda.
I gotta tell you. It was not good.
There was no, no rrrrr, no throw-down.
It was more like a slowdown.
Hmm
Yeah and it got me completely off guard because I thought it would be amazing.
Well maybe that's the problem. /What?
Your expectations were too high. Of course you were disappointed.
From now on people should tell it like it is. First time sex, tricky.
Non dairy vegan ravioli, kindergarten paste.
As I tried to scrub the smell of uncooked ochre off me.
I started thinking about sexpectations.
We're aware as smart single women that we can't expect perfection.
But life still manages to throw us curve balls.
Maybe once you're into your mid-thirties,
it shouldn't be called dating,
it should be called waiting for the other shoe to drop.
If it's not the sex between me and you,
then someone has to become a Jew.
Why is it always something?
Unless you're in a problem free relationship with TiVo.
No. No. Maybe later.
Hello. Shut up, shut up.
Thank you.
Jules. Are you there?
Hello Mimi.
You always answer the door without the shirt on.
The heat isn't working and that's why I rang you up.
Seems to be working. It's definitely barmy in here.
No. Problem is in the bedroom.
Right. Of course. The bedroom.
The next day, Charlotte boldly went where no York had gone before.
The synagogue.
Shalom. Where would I find the rabbi?
His study. Inside.
Thank you.
Are you the rabbi?
Yes.
Hi. My name is Charlotte York
and I'm here today because I would like to consider joining the Jewish faith.
We're not interested.
Hello. I need to report a very rude man.
I was just saying that my name is charlotte York and I would like to consider joining the Jewish fai
I don't know what is with these people.
I never
You know how much I love you for doing this?
Do you know how sexy you look?
That's it. I have to have you immediately.
Harry definitely had a throw-down.
But Charlotte was too thrown and down to care.
Stop Harry.
I'm feeling very rejected by your people.
That's the game baby.
They try to make it hard for you.
What?
It's part of the process.
Traditionally they turn you down three times to make sure you're serious.
Suddenly Charlotte understood.
They were playing hard to get.
They were rules, Rabbis.
I can play that game.
I invented that game.
No man rejects Charlotte York.
I don't care what any Rabbi says.
You are my chosen person.
Miranda was looking forward to another perfect night with her perfect boyfriend.
But unfortunately there was another woman.
I think I did something bad.
What do you mean, Brady?
I just checked on him.
No, boy is beautiful. He's fine.
TiVo?
What did you do?
Exactly, what did you do?
I sit on.
And then nothing
You sat on TiVo? Is it okay?
Nothing is recorded.
How could you do this?
This is 'Jules and Mimi - The Morning After'
No. No. No. No. No.
Yes.
And across town.
I lay in bed willing Berger to call me
which never works.
Hello.
Hey it's me.
I'm sorry for not calling earlier.
And I know this is the same excuse that every guy gives but in my case it is true.
A 64 raccoon was attacking the village and I had to trap it and kill it and stuff it.
And everybody's safe now.
Even the little Flanders girl who was stuck in a tree.
But I might have rabies.
What have you been up to?
Oh same old. Same old.
Did the Time's cross word puzzle.
Found a cure for cancer.
You did the Time's cross word puzzle?
Monday's not Sunday's.
Oh okay.
I need like three people to do Sunday's - one of them has to have the answers.
I was thinking that if two people can be good in bed when they're not in the same bed,
how hard a conversion could it be?
I have some answers if you have cab fare.
Oh yeah?
Dump him.
Fuck me badly once shame on you.
Fuck me badly twice, shame on me.
Is that the saying?
That's my saying.
I don't wanna dump him.
I think he's fantastic.
And aren't we getting a little old to jump to the dump?
What about working on things?
Look at Charlotte. She's becoming a Jew.
Hi. I need something that will make a guy come at his pants as soon as he sees me.
Got it.
You talk to salespeople like that?
I'm here all the time. They love me.
Is this for a specific gentlemen or do you just look for that generally?
It's for that hot waiter from Raw.
I'm sleeping with him tonight.
But he doesn't know it yet.
I think I have to talk to him.
No.
We talk about everything else.
Honey, when it comes to sex, spray it, don't say it.
Okay that was unnecessary.
I'm trying to salvage your love life.
The only words you should be saying in bed are dirty ones.
I can't do that-without alcohol.
Then start drinking.
Because if you want a hotter sex life,
you're gonna have to turn up the heat.
Starting with.
I don't wear furry shoes.
They're not for you, they're for him.
He mostly wears loafers.
Are you sure I can't talk to him about it?
Honey.
If the sex isn't great,
it doesn't help to say it's not great.
That's usually a downer.
And by that I mean uh-uh. Uh~
Yeah. Plus he must know it's not great.
He can't think this is good.
Oh god.
Is it possible he thinks this is good?
Here we are.
Oh, as a matter of fact. I'm gonna take this.
No, we'll take two.
And these in a 7.
That evening Miranda had one of those regrettable discussions that results from the belief
that you and your significant other should be able to talk to any problem.
We have been over this before.
I feel like you are not listening to me.
I turned the system off for ten minutes and nothing changed.
I'm sorry. I'm upset.
I'm just so disappointed.
I got used to coming home to something.
Can't you work with me on this?
You told me to do that already.
What is wrong with you?
Friday night with Berger.
I had my sexy lingerie under my cool couture
and I was feeling good.
You look so hot in that shirt.
Are you being serious?
Okay. We're gonna need some drinks.
Oh hey /Hi.
well it's still at the half hour so frozen margaritas are two-for-one.
All right. Okay.
When in Rome.
Since we were oh for two,
I figured two for one was a good idea.
And after three unreturned phone calls
Charlotte decided to make a house call.
Hello Rabbi.
I brought you some kosher wine.
I'm sorry but my husband can't see you now.
Excuse me.
I don't mean to be rude but I think he can.
Miss. What
Look. I'm 37 years old.
I'm reproductively challenged.
I'm in love with a Jewish person
and it took me 20 years to find him.
I don't have time to play these games.
All right Charlotte.
Lesson number 1.
You have to give it a rest.
Because it's about to be Sabbath, the day of rest.
You wanna be a Jew?
Sit
Watch
Learn
Oh that is so sweet but actually I'm suppose to meet my boyfriend
I can skip it.
Come girls. Gather.
Oh. Sorry.
Amen.
And Samantha was at Raw.
Ready to get things cooking.
Hey welcome to Raw.
Hello. I was here the other night.
That's what happens. You come once,
you just keep coming over and over.
Here's hoping.
I'll be with you in a minute. I'm getting slammed tonight.
For some reason the hostess keep sitting everyone in my section.
Be right back.
Hey /Hi
Suddenly, Samantha realized why the Raw Food Movement was a movement.
Women weren't there for the cold food.
They were there for the hot waiter.
Oh. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Hey. Look who's home.
Oh I got held up at work.
Thanks for filling in.
hi. Hi cutie. Hi cutie.
Did the TiVo guy come?
No.
They called and said they have to reschedule for week from Thursday.
A week from Thursday?
Yeah. But I played around with a few things and I think it's okay now.
What do you mean, it's working?
Yep.
I love you. I mean you know, for fixing that.
Yeah. Well Magda said it was kinda important.
So. Listen, I gotta take off.
Hot date?
Yeah. I got this dinner thing.
So. See you later champ, all right?
Some things, like a broken TiVo can be repaired.
And others, like a broken heart are a little more complicated.
4 hours and 4 courses of uncooked food later,
Samantha and her competitors waited it out.
Can I get you anything else?
Oh no.
I'm just enjoying my delicious mushroom tea.
Okay.
Did you want anything else?
You know what.
I would like to have some of that key lime custard.
It sounds too good to pass up.
Okay.
Honey you put up a very good fight but you have no idea who you're dealing with.
I'm going home with him
and you're going home with key lime custard.
So, what do you say, I buy your dinner and we call it a night. Huh?
Okay.
Check!
Meanwhile, I was finally confident I could heat up my sex life.
Because I was a sex columnist.
I was resourceful.
And I was drunkety drunk drunk.
Okay.
There. Oh.
I got a little something for you.
And you're gonna love it.
Look at that. Hmm?
Get ready mister cause,
cause I got something under here for you.
Oh. And I have shoes.
Wait till you see me in these. Hmm?
Are you okay?
Yeah I'm fine.
And after a night of Raw food,
Samantha enjoyed a all nighter of raw sex.
Hey. Can I tell you a secret?
You're twelve.
Didn't have to order all that shit.
I was ready to go home with you last Tuesday.
Now you tell me.
I ate a fucking cactus.
Get back down there and make it up to me.
Awesome.
Samantha was still having sex when it dawned on me Berger and I hadn't.
Hey /Hey
We both knew it was now or never.
That morning I resigned myself to the idea that I would never again have frozen drinks or hot sex.
I suck. This is awful.
I know.
Hadn't even been this bad.
Look, I don't wanna tube my own horn here all right
but I'm way better than this.
I've actually been told that I'm good at this.
I don't know what the fuck is happening.
We're so good everywhere else.
Would you look at us in restaurants?
We're the best.
We're the couple you wanna be.
All right.
We gotta make the bed more like a restaurant.
Are you coming back?
Yeah. Grab something that'll help.
Now we're talking. What have you got there, a pet?
Shoes.
Oh. Here.
Berger what if we're just not good together in bed?
No. don't say that. All right look.
I chocked. We had it all going on.
We did.
And I thought it would be great
and I wanted it to be great and I chocked.
And I came over the next night
and I thought it would be better and..
I chocked.
What's up?
We should be smoking not chocking.
I think sometimes the rhyme helps.
I agree.
Those are some very sexy shoes.
Shall I put them on?
Yeah. Hey. Couldn't hurt.
All right. Here.
Throw some of that over your left shoulder.
Come on. You want things to get worse?
I was gonna talk to you about it but.
Yeah I wanted to talk to you but.
Well let's make a deal.
I talk to you, you talk to me.
We should be able to talk about these things.
Let's talk about it.
We'll talk.
That morning, the other shoe dropped.
And it wasn't bad at all.
In fact, it was kinda hot.




No matter how well you think you know New York,
there's always somewhere or someone new to discover.
I was on my second date with Ray King, who lived in Queens.
It felt like our fourth as we'd been to three jazz clubs in one night.
I can't sing but I can chop.
- Where does one learn this skill? - Jersey Shore.
- That's where you're from? - Listen.
This lick right here is why I wanted to play the bass.
Man! How about that?
Jesus, that's sweet. Listen to that again.
How about that?
This might be a good time to tell you. I don't like jazz.
Why would you say something like that?
You can't follow it and there's no melody.
It's all over the place.
You've got to stop trying to make it be something else
and appreciate it for what it is. I wish I had my bass.
Come here. You be the bass.
Don't I have to be in the Musicians Union?
- You play all those instruments? - I learn a few notes,
I get bored, I move on. Listen to the bass.
The beauty of jazz is that it can go anywhere.
It can go from here...
...to here...
...to here.
It was then I started to appreciate a little type of music
we call jazz.
- What did you do last night, Carrie? - I listened to jazz.
What is so funny about jazz?
Here it is.
Last night, with Ray, I had...
...the most intense orgasm of my entire life.
I did my laundry. Continue.
It doesn't make sense. We've only been on two dates.
- Yet you had sex with him. - Can we let Carrie talk about the sex?
The mind-blowing sex.
I realise that this next statement makes me a bit of a freak,
but I usually have to be in love with someone to have such an orgasm.
- You should see someone about that. - What the hell is going on?
- Maybe Ray is the one. - Your clitoris thinks so.
It was probably a fluke. I'm going back tomorrow to find out.
- l, on the other hand, am on strike. - What does that mean?
I'm not having any more sex.
That's a slump.
It might have started as one, but I'm in control now.
I refuse to have sex until conditions improve.
How many people will be affected?
So far just the one, but I'm optimistic.
I can't go on any more bad dates!
I'd rather be home alone than out with a guy who sells socks on the lnternet.
I'm dating someone.
- Someone I actually like. - Good!
Maria.
My Maria, from the gallery?
She's my Maria now. We're having a relationship.
Yes, ladies. I'm a lesbian.
Wait a second! You're in a relationship?
She just walked in so get those looks off your faces.
- You know Charlotte. - Sure.
- And this is Carrie and Miranda. - Really good to see you!
I see you told them.
How does that work? You wake up one morning, and you're a lesbian?
I forgot to tell you. I'm a fire hydrant!
I'm a shoe. I always wanted to be one and now I am.
She's not a lesbian. She just ran out of men.
Then you go on strike, you don't eat pussy!
Did you just say, "eat pussy"?
I did, but just for emphasis.
The truly amazing thing is I had the news tonight!
- I had the most intense... - Mind-blowing was the word.
...orgasm of my life and Samantha still managed to up-sex me.
They met at my gallery. I introduced them.
You're a pimp.
Later, inspired by Samantha's exploration of new territory,
Charlotte felt it was time to conquer some old territory:
the bed, where she and Trey had so much trouble as man and wife.
Here we are.
Shall we have a glass of wine first?
- I'm fine, unless you... - No, no. I'm OK.
If you don't feel ready...
Just because she was on strike didn't mean she had to do without.
And Miranda discovered the perfect relationship.
Jon Stewart and chocolate clairs.
Charlotte and Trey enjoyed a sweet ending to their evening as well.
Not bad, huh?
That was almost mind-blowing.
Charlotte was relieved. Now they had fixed the bedroom problem,
she was ready to move back in to the other rooms as well.
So, what are you thinking?
I'm thinking I've never seen my John Thomas so hard.
At times I felt like it was going to rocket right off.
- What were you thinking? - I don't know.
Should l...?
Do you...?
- Are we ready to...? - Go again?
Houston, we don't have a problem.
Three, two, one, blast-off!
- Who is it? - It's Ray.
Hi, come on up.
Shit.
Did you and the girls run down the street talking about me?
- Maybe. - How many blocks?
- Two. OK, nine. - Honestly, I'm a little hurt.
After all the hours I've listened to you talk about your relationships.
- You do that? - I make the courtesy call!
"Do you think you love him?"
You just caught us off guard with the lesbian thing.
- It's a label, like Gucci or Versace. - Or Birkenstock.
It's not about being gay or straight. Maria is an incredible woman.
She's got passion, talent,
- intelligence... - A vagina.
Vagina schmagina.
Schmagina? Is that what lesbians are calling it?
- We haven't even had sex yet. - You really are in a relationship.
Yes, I am, Carrie. Life is not all about sex.
Tell that to her schmagina.
I want a bourbon and I want to go down on you.
Not necessarily in that order.
I really want it to be special the first time.
I'm sure that it will be special.
I'm sure it will be special.
- Because... - Is Ray there?
No, no, Samantha. I'm listening. I'm listening.
I thought about what Samantha said.
She wasn't having sex as she wanted a relationship.
I hoped mind-blowing sex would become a relationship.
We've got a relationship without sex and sex without a relationship.
Which had a better shot at survival?
I had to wonder. What comes first: the chicken or the sex?
That night, I decided to really talk to Ray.
We needed to catch the relationship up to the sex.
That was the plan.
Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait!
I asked you a question. Where did you go to school?
All over.
Freckles on the legs. Nothing wrong with that!
It was my best relationship ever.
Over at Casa de Lesbo...
That coq au vin was amazing.
You can paint, you can cook, you can do everything.
But you brought the most incredible dessert.
A bite.
Samantha decided if she was going to be gay,
she'd be gay all the way.
I might not be much in the kitchen,
but I'm more than enough in the bedroom.
Samantha... It's not really working for me.
It was a phrase Samantha had never heard in bed before.
Honey, I've never gotten any complaints from the men.
Well, men.
I want you to look at me,
connect with me.
This is lovemaking.
It's not a porno flick.
I want to show you. I'm going to lay down,
and I want you to look at my buceta.
It's a Portuguese word for pussy.
Miranda, still off sex and on chocolate,
couldn't order the seven clairs she wanted so she asked for just one.
One cake, please. Which do you recommend?
The Louvre, Monsieur Payard's signature chocolate cake.
Sold.
- That'll be 74.50. - As in 74 dollars and 50 cents?
Yes.
Miranda decided she didn't need a cake that badly.
Especially when she could make one for under $5.
Every once in a while, a girl has to indulge herself.
- Trey, I'm on the mallard! - What? Sorry.
He hasn't asked me to move back.
We make love all over the apartment then I get a cab home like some hooker!
- Can't you bring it up? - No! The penis works now,
I don't want to scare it.
Why can't I have the relationship and the sex?
Where's the lesbian du jour?
When she gets here, we have to talk about her relationship.
She wants us to take it seriously.
It isn't a relationship. She's doing it to bug us.
I don't know. They haven't had sex yet.
- She wants it to be special. - Really?
This is the healthiest thing Samantha's done in a long time.
Does anybody want to split the chocolate pudding?
Morning, ladies!
Tell us about the relationship. How are things going?
Did you know that when a vagina gets engorged,
it expands to the size of a fist? It's like a fabulous cave!
- I guess they've had sex. - Apparently so.
- We have three holes down there! - Enough about your relationship.
There are places a dick just can't go!
Some dicks manage just fine.
- Maria has ten dicks. - For the record, you started this.
I am sorry, but a finger is not a dick.
It's more like a third of a dick.
Technically, Maria has three and a third dicks.
I can tell you right now. This...
...is not the same as this.
Put that away.
I'm just saying size has nothing to do with it.
- What's happening to you? - I'm getting an education!
I know all there is to know about the glorious buceta.
That's Portuguese for pussy.
Buceta, schmagina, let's call the whole thing off.
The most important thing is that Maria has taught me to connect during sex.
It's not just some animal act.
It's about two people, making love.
I couldn't pick a shirt. Come in.
I'm making margaritas.
Look what I bought today. My first jazz CD.
You've got to hear that on vinyl.
Wait, Ray.
Ray! Stop!
Don't play anything. Don't scat, don't chop, don't blend.
Could we just sit and talk for a while?
The gotta-talk girl.
You're thinking, "Where's this going?"
I'm not that girl. I'm not any girl.
I just want to talk.
You know, talk.
Where are you from? You said something about the Jersey Shores.
I spent a couple of summers there. Used to go skeet shooting with my buddies.
- On the Jersey Shore? - Upstate New York. And pull!
Why no skeet in the city? I love the skeet!
I should open one in New York.
Canned corn. When did you last have that? It sounds good.
- You hungry? - No, because...
I had a potpie in Vegas once, loaded with corn.
As Ray talked, I realised he wasn't spontaneous
and unpredictable and thrilling.
He was a guy with ADD.
What relationship could I have with a guy I couldn't talk to?
I'd have to end it.
You like pies?
Want to play me?
Eventually.
Meanwhile, uptown,
Trey had one last chance to ask Charlotte to move in.
I'm just going to say it.
Next time I'm hard, would you consider measuring my John Thomas?
What? No!
I understand. It's juvenile, I know,
but I've just never seen it like this.
I'm taking a shower.
Charlotte never cared much about penises
and now a penis was running her life.
Forget it.
As Charlotte lathered up, she started to get lathered up.
Who did he think he was? They were husband and wife.
What the hell was going on in this nightmare?
I am tired of being married to your penis!
I am a person! This should be a relationship!
I am done walking on eggshells!
Don't talk about moving in in front of the penis, it might go soft!
The penis likes this but not that, and the penis wants to be measured!
- It was just a thought. - Here's another.
- Shove this marriage up your ass! - Charlotte, don't go.
I'm going home to my apartment, where I have a lease.
I hope that you and your penis have a very lovely night!
Meanwhile, Miranda was getting fed up as well, with herself.
Hi, it's me. Leave a message.
I know you're probably busy having mind-blowing sex now,
but I feel you need to know your friend Miranda Hobbes
has just taken a piece of cake out of the garbage and eaten it.
You'll need this information when you check me into the Betty Crocker Clinic.
That night, Miranda realised she'd used chocolate as a substitute for sex
and now she needed a substitute for chocolate.
The strike was officially over.
That's perfect!
Just when she thought she knew everything about women...
...Samantha caused the very elusive female ejaculation.
- Was that good or bad? - That was very...
...good.
Samantha got the relationship and the sex.
In fact, a little more sex than she'd expected.
I want some water. You want some water?
Be right back.
Next morning, I had a new thought.
Maybe Ray was like jazz. Instead of making him be something else,
I needed to appreciate him for what he was:
truly mind-blowing sex.
Unfortunately, I got the feeling Ray had stopped playing me
and moved on to another instrument.
- Morning, ma'am. - Morning.
You left something at my...
At the apartment.
Charlotte, I want you to move back in
and get rid of this old apartment.
And stay all night, every night.
And wake up next to me every morning and be my wife.
You do?
I talked it over with my penis, and we both agree.
I don't want to lose you again.
Charlotte York MacDougal...
...will you remarry me?
Yes, Trey MacDougal. I will remarry you.
Walking home from ADD, Another Dating Disaster,
I worried that there's a reason it's called mind-blowing sex.
Maybe that physical connection obliterates any intellectual one,
or maybe it's possible to find both.
That's what I was hoping because great sex is great,
but I still like a song with a melody I can sing to.




Once upon a second time around...
...in a mythical land between Carmine and Mulberry streets...
...two mere mortals were having a wonderful time.
This is the gangster I was telling you about.
Gangster? No. No gangster.
Come, this way.
Grazie.
This is Paolo.
This is my girlfriend, Carrie.
Bread?
You've never called me your girlfriend before.
Sure, I have. Just not to your face.
Bravo!
And now you wise guy, come on, it's your turn.
-Come on, come on. -Me? Okay.
-Not funny, Mr. Sambuca. -Relax, I'm a regular.
A regular?
I'd Iike to dedicate this song to the Iovely Iady sitting right over there.
"When I was 17
"It was a very good year
"It was a very good year
"For small town girls and soft summer nights
"We'd hide from the Iights
"In the village green
"When I was 17"
It was perfect.
I felt like I was in heaven.
Meanwhile across town, Miranda was in hell...
Douche products....
...or its modern day equivalent: the comedy club.
-Are we having fun yet? -When does the comedy start?
I've never been this close to suicide.
Not pussy....
-I'II get the check. -If you ditch me in this place...
...I will hunt you down and kill you.
Alan Miller was a divorced architect she met in aisle three at the Food Emporium.
They immediately bonded over a shared hatred of designer croutons.
If all I was interested in was freshness...
...then I would be fucking my salad crisper!
Yo, Red.
You wanna answer your fuckin' phone?
It's not my phone.
Go ahead. Answer it.
Answer it!
AIan Miller's phone.
No, this is his date. Who's this?
Who is it?
I'm sorry, his date can't speak right now.
Whom may I say is calling?
His wife!
Numb-nuts, your wife's on the phone.
You told me you were divorced.
I'm not really divorced. I'm really separated.
No, we're really separated.
See, this is me, separating.
Red, not so fast.
I'II fuck you.
Honey....
If they're not married, they're gay, or burned from a divorce...
...or aliens from the planet "Don't date me."
It's amazing how many of them walk among us.
Only recognizable by their slightly Iarger heads.
I asked him, point blank:
"How Iong have you been divorced?"
"Three years." Just Iike that.
Guys are such Iiars.
97 percent of them can't fuck you worth a damn!
He tells me how much he Iikes me, and boom, I believe him.
-Am I that needy? -Maybe he really did Iike you.
If you "Pollyanna-out" on me today...
...I'II have to hit you with this rice pudding.
This married man...
...fell madly in Iove with my friend, Amanda's friend, Ashley...
...and he said he would get a divorce and he did.
They got married, moved to Connecticut and he is this amazing husband and father.
-Never happened. -Excuse me?
Urban relationship myth.
Unbelievable fairy tales concocted by women...
...to make their Iove Iives seem Iess hopeless.
Except it makes you feel even more hopeless...
...because this fabulous, magical relationship is never happening to you.
It did happen.
Like the one about the guy who couldn't commit...
...and the woman broke up with him and moved to Kansas.
-One night, she comes walking home-- -In the rain!
AIways, in the rain.
He stands there in front of her door with an engagement ring.
He says, "Marry me," and they Iive happily ever after.
But, it can happen. People do Iive happily ever after.
It happened to my friend, Amanda's friend.
It's always a friend who knows a friend....
Honey.
Have you ever known anyone who's relationship changed magically overnight?
Yes.
Look at Carrie and Big.
Their relationship is totally different than before.
How?
How is it different?
It just is.
I can't explain it.
I can, but you're so scary right now, I won't.
No, really, tell me.
It's just a feeling.
Something shifted....
Maybe we both know that...
...if we came together again it must be for a reason.
Why is that so hard to believe?
How much time have you got?
That afternoon, I got to thinking about myths and relationships.
Heroes, boyfriends, Cyclopses, divorced guys.
Are they really that different?
The primitive Greeks clung desperately to myths...
...to explain the random hopelessness of their miserable lives.
Do modern day singles need modern day myths...
...just to help us get through our random and sometimes miserable relationships?
What about Big and me?
After what seemed like an eternity of not quite fitting together, we suddenly fit.
Had the relationship God smiled?
Or was that something I desperately needed to believe?
Are we willing to believe anything to date?
While Samantha had little belief in the idea of happily ever after...
...she had a strong belief in the idea...
...of a smart cocktail at the end of the work day.
Samantha, a Cosmopolitan and Donald Trump.
You don't get more New York than that.
I gotta go.
Think about it. I'II be at my office at Trump Tower.
Excuse me.
I was so distracted by your beauty...
...I think I just agreed to finance Mr. Trump's new project.
You owe me 150 million dollars.
Will you take a check?
May I buy you a drink?
I have one, thanks.
Can I buy you an island?
-I don't know, can you? -The name's Ed.
Samantha.
So, Samantha, do you come here often?
Honey, that Iine's older than you are.
You are a pistol.
You have no idea.
A bottle of their best champagne later...
...Samantha had learned that Ed was single, available...
...and a millionaire many, many times over.
What's your age ceiling with men?
Fifty?
Factor in millions and millions of dollars.
Fifty?
Well, I just met the cutest older man.
How old, fifty?
Sixty?
-Is he on Medicare? -I'm guessing 72.
A young 72.
Your silence reeks of ageism.
-Are you serious? -He took me to dinner at Jean Georges.
We got right in, no reservation needed.
I wasn't aware that Jean Georges had an early bird special.
He's vibrant and powerful and generous.
He's just Iooking for someone to have a Iittle fun with.
Would that include bedroom fun?
We haven't discussed it yet.
Are you telling me that you are seriously capable of having sex with a senior?
You know the saying: "AII cats Iook the same in the dark."
It was pure urban legend.
Alligators in the sewer, pets in the microwave...
...and now an old man and Samantha.
Is this a piece of veal or is this a piece of veal?
That is a piece of veal.
In every myth, there comes a point when the mere mortals are given a test.
The way they respond usually determines whether they find paradise...
...or are tied to a big rock for all eternity.
I have a huge request.
I want you to know my friends better.
I know your friends fine.
Charlotte is the brunette.
Miranda is the redhead.
And Samantha is trouble.
I want them to know you better.
They've never really spent time with you...
...and you're so funny and cute.
What is it you need?
I want us all to have dinner Saturday night at Denial.
Denial was a very popular Manhattan hot spot.
Apparently, everyone in Manhattan wanted to be "in Denial."
Okay.
Why are you suddenly so--
-Cute? -Yes.
Why are you so cute?
Hello?
Where are you? I've been waiting here forever.
Didn't you get the message I Ieft on your machine an hour ago?
No. Is everything all right? I thought you were dead or something.
I'm fine. I'm at Big's.
You're at Big's? You and I are having dinner tonight.
Well, he got this veal.
You blew me off for a piece of politically incorrect meat?
Well, he wanted to make me dinner.
You just dropped your Iife and ran right on over to his?
I can't get into that right now.
You know what?
You're relationship is the same as always. It's all about him.
Could you put Miranda on, please?
Enjoy your veal.
Problem?
No.
I'II have another glass of wine.
PIease.
PIease what?
I'II have another glass of wine, please.
Are you allowed to talk to me Iike that?
I think I am.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
Steve, thank you, Steve.
That's really very cute but I'm not in the mood.
I'm not really in the mood, Steve.
I'm not a total bitch, I just had a fight with somebody.
I heard. Boyfriend?
None of your business.
Girlfriend? Butcher.
-Butcher? -The veal.
I took a shot.
What are you reading?
The Joy of Bartending, Hemingway.
So, what, you're funny?
SIow down, that's a nice Cotes du Rhone.
Enjoy.
It's on me.
Why would that be?
A bribe, so, you'II hang out and talk.
If you Ieave, I'II have to Iisten to those NYU kids...
...with the Amstel Lights discuss Fiona Apple.
I'm begging you.
They did a little more than talk.
After work they went back to her place where Steve, the bartender...
...served Miranda two orgasms, straight up.
So...
...that was really special.
Sure.
Is that your shirt over there?
Can I get your phone number?
Why?
To call you up and ask you for a date.
Look....
Steve. Look, Steve.
You don't have to do this.
You don't have to make believe you're gonna call.
Let's just call this what this was: a one-night stand.
You're a real pisser.
Stop by the bar, see me sometime.
Sure, okay. Whatever. Thanks.
Bye.
Great sex.
Three dinners and two extravagant lunches later...
...Ed invited Samantha over to his townhouse.
Up until now, she would never have believed...
...she would consider a relationship with an older man.
Bu there was something about Ed.
How did that get there?
I wonder if....
Ed, no.
After an impressive six-course dinner...
...Ed put the moves on Samantha.
Ed's moves were from a different dating time.
Moves she had heard of or seen in old movies...
...but moves she never thought she'd experience firsthand.
I used to groove with these cats in Cuba.
What's the matter?
Can't afford the Iight bill?
You're fun. A toast to fun.
What the hell!
I'm gonna Iay my cards on the table.
-I've only got a handful of good years Ieft. -No--
10 to 12, tops.
I'm Iooking for someone to have some fun with.
I'm aware that a gorgeous woman Iike you can get any young man you want.
I'm willing to make it worth your wild.
And speaking of wild...
...don't worry.
I got a big, old pocketful of Viagra.
Why, Ed.
That's not Viagra.
Samantha was suddenly living her own urban relationship myth.
The woman who stopped for a cocktail after work and lived happily ever after.
For 10 to 12 years, tops.
I think in the dark is sexier.
Could you get that Iight behind you?
In the dark, she learned that all cats not only look the same but felt the same.
Ed's lips were not the lips of an older man.
Ed's touch was not the touch of an older man.
Excuse me, baby. Little boy's room.
Unfortunately Ed's ass was the ass of an older man.
She told him it was a bad reaction to the shellfish from dinner.
Saturday afternoon, Miranda was at home...
...enjoying a cup of coffee and her New York Times...
...when fate came knocking.
Yes?
It's Steve.
Steve who?
Steve Brady, the bartender.
What do you want?
You want your neighbors to hear?
Hi.
-Thanks for Ietting me in. -Did you forget something?
No, I didn't have your number and I wanted to tell you something.
I Iike you.
Translation: "I think you're an easy Iay and I'd Iike to have sex again."
It's not Iike that.
Have dinner with me.
Why?
I don't know, because we're hungry.
I can't have dinner with you. I don't even know you.
-You slept with me. -It's a different thing.
-How 'bout tonight? -I have plans.
-You don't have plans. -I do.
What plans? Quick, before you make one up.
I'm meeting my friends downtown at Denial for dinner.
My buddy works there. I'II meet you for a drink. What time?
7:00.
Okay.
What time are you really meeting them?
9:00.
At 8:15, I arrived at Big's.
One quick drink and we'd be out the door.
I told myself all day it was just another dinner with friends.
But, as I stood waiting, in my new, very favorite dress...
...I realized it meant a lot more.
Hi, baby, c'mon in.
You're not properly attired to meet my friends, mister. Hop to it.
About that....
Do you mind if I don't go?
I've been out all day, it's gonna rain.
But my friends are expecting you.
I know, but they're your friends and...
...they'II be fine with just you.
Is it okay?
Sure.
I was afraid if I looked up into his eyes...
...I'd turn to stone.
How could I have let myself believe things would be different the second time around?
I'd never heard of a myth in which a self-centered, 42-year-old baby...
...magically transformed into a grown man that you could bring out in public.
They won't seat us 'til all of our party is here.
How Iong do you think Big will be?
I'm not sure, he's coming from work.
I didn't have the strength to tell them about my fallen hero.
Not without a cocktail.
I figured as long as I was "in Denial," I might as well stay there.
Look at you.
If you want good service, send a bartender.
If you want a good fuck, go home with one.
Hello! It was funny!
Can I talk to you over there, for a second?
The gods are punishing me for having casual sex.
Thank you.
One quick question and I'm out of here.
Why do you hate guys so much?
Excuse me?
We just met, so I know that it ain't all about me.
Wait.
What do you want?
I just wanna get to know you better.
Do me a favor.
Can you, for a second, believe that maybe I'm not some "full-of-shit" guy?
That maybe I do Iike you?
That maybe the other night was special?
-Do you think maybe you can believe that? -No.
Maybe I've just slept with too many bartenders.
Are you okay?
I don't wanna talk about it.
Nice meeting you all, excuse me.
-Maybe we should get a table for four. -I knew it.
Big's not coming. Men are shit.
What are you talking about? He's coming, isn't he?
I didn't know if I had the heart to tell Charlotte that "happily ever after..."
...really was just a myth.
See, there he is!
It's really coming down out there.
-You remember my friends? -Of course, I do.
Hello, Iadies.
Seeing Big show up for me...
...shook Miranda's lack of belief system to the very core.
Excuse me.
More drinks?
Just like that, Miranda left Denial.
Steve!
Maybe I can believe it.
From that night on, promiscuous women everywhere...
...would tell the tale of the one-night stand...
...that turned into a relationship.
As for Big and me....
So, tell me.
Did you ever get it on with that old coot?
That was the night we stopped being a myth and started becoming real.